Prologue
My body trembles as I sit down nervously on the bed mat that is laying on the polished wood floor. With shaking hands I untie the bathrobe I am wearing. The soft fabric slips opened revealing my naked bare chest and body. The robe hangs off my shoulders as I sit and wait. Glancing down at myself I feel my face burn red wearing only a pair of black boxers. 

Embarrassed I pull the robe tightly around my body so no one can see. 

"You have nothing to be embarrassed of...trust me..." My eyes raise to see him standing before me in just his red boxers. My eyes travel his perfectly sculpted body and I find myself taking a nervous gulp.

"I...uhhh...."

He kneels down before me causing me to clutch the bath robe around me even tighter. My sudden movement brings a smile to his lips. His long brown hair falls around his face and rests on his shoulders. Gazing into his green eyes I feel something spark in my heart.

Could this be real? Could he and I....?

I watch his hands reach out towards me and my body stiffens as his fingers glide up my arms. His long fingers gently push the robe off my shoulders and he looks me up and down.

"Definitely nothing to be embarrassed about..." he whispers softly as he brings his perfect muscular body towards mine.

My face flushes bright red the closer he gets to me. "I.....uhh... I....don't think I can do this...."

"Relax......" He whispers as he leans in and whispers into my ear. "Just pretend we are the only ones here...." His hot breath sends shivers throughout my body.

I glance around the room where the photographers are snapping pictures of us from every angle. "That is not what makes me nervous..." I whisper embarrassed. 

"Just close your eyes." He whispers into my ear sending shivers once again through my confused pulsating body. Placing his hands on my shoulders I cant help notice how big and warm they are. I allow him to gently push me down onto my back. My eyes stare at him wide. "Close your eyes..." He whispers once more as his hands push the last of the robe off of me revealing my body to him. 

Closing my eyes I take a deep inhale of air when i feel his fingers gliding along my chest. 

"If it will help...." He whispers into my ear so only I can hear him. "In your mind pretend my touches are from a girl..."

I try to do as he says. But knowing that another guy is driving my body crazy with a single touch.... 

"That won't help...." I gasp out as his lips start to trail kisses along my chest. 

"Why...is...that?" He asks in between his kisses. 

"Because no girl has made me feel like this...." 

"What?"

My eyes snap open realizing what I just blurted out. "I.....uhh... I mean...." I try to scramble up but he only pushes my body back down. 

"It's thrilling. I understand. Its so new to you. Knowing a males touch can turn you on so simply...." He gazes into my blue eyes with his beautiful green ones. "Let me show you how thrilling this can be..." He whispers into my ear. 

His lips start to kiss my earlobe causing my body to shiver in delight. Slowly his lips move to my neck and I find myself biting my lower lip. 

"Let it out...." He smiles against my skin. "Let me know I am pleasuring you by hearing you moan for me...."

"I...uhh...Ahh!" I gasp out suddenly as his lips touch a sensitive spot on my neck. 

"Right here?" He whispers as he kisses that spot rougher while his hands start to roam my body. 

"Ohh mmmmm" The moans escape my lips. I feel his tongue glide across my sensitive spot and I arch my head back to allow him better access at my neck. 

Seeing this he licks me more as his lips kiss me harder and rougher. His hands run over my bare chest. Never once have I felt so much pleasure before from someone else's touch. Never once would I have thought I would enjoy the touch of a man so much. 

Ok.......

Maybe I am getting a little ahead of myself in this story.......

Let me start from the very beginning, and introduce myself first. 

My name is Urihara. Minoru Urihara. 

And this is my crazy story of how I met him...Fuyuki Shido. He completely turned my life upside down and honestly I don't know what is right or wrong anymore.

Who would have guessed my life would end up in so much confusion all because of work...Never once did I think how drastic my life would change so early on a Monday morning.
...


Monday Morning
Rolling out of bed I sigh as I glance to my clock. The lights flicker in a mocking way telling me that it is only 5:25am.
"Damn..." I grumble knowing there is a zero chance of me falling back asleep. "Why must I always wake up so bloody early..." laying in bed I stretch my arms and legs. Sitting up the blanket falls from my body exposing my bare chest to the freezing cold air.
"Damn...." I grab the blanket to keep warm. "Its freezing..." I mutter. How I truly hate winter. Me and the cold...not a very good combination. Especially when it is so freaking early in the morning. Knowing I cant hide in the warmth of my blanket all day I throw it off and place my feet on the soft carpet of my bedroom. 
A yawn escapes my lips as I slowly stand up and sleepily walk from my bedroom and into the hallway. I go into the bathroom and I turn the shower on hot. I grab my toothbrush and place mint flavoured toothpaste on it and brush my teeth. Once finished I stare at my reflection before me in the mirror. I have pale porcelain smooth skin. I have a toned body yes. But I am far from having that muscular type of body. My eyes are blue and I have deep purple shaggy hair. Some times depending on the light it looks more black. Or in the sun the purple really shines bright. My hair falls down around my face and ends around my chin. I have long bangs as well that always seem to fall in front of my eyes. 
Everyone I know tells me my hair is too long for a guy. That I need to cut it, how it is unprofessional to have my hair looking how it does. I just ignore them and keep it as it is. After all I have seen many guys with hair long then mine that they tie back in ponytails. 
I pull down my black soft sleeping pants and remove my boxers and climb into the hot steaming shower. "God this feels good..." I whisper to myself as the scorching hot water burns against my ice cold skin. After washing my body and hair I turn the shower off and grab a towel. I towel dry my hair then dry off my chest and back. Placing the towel around my waist I grab my hairbrush and brush out my purple hair.
I return back to my bedroom and get dressed for the long day ahead of me. I dress in black dress pants with a black buttoned up long sleeved shirt. I grab a dark purple tie and place it around my neck. Walking into the kitchen off my two bedroom apartment. Really it is only a one bedroom, as the spare room is well...uhh well never mind. We can talk about that later on. I open the fridge and notice I need to go grocery shopping again. Sighing I grab an apple and take a bite of it as I pour myself a glass of water. Taking a sip I place the cup on the table and walk to the window and glance outside.
I live on the 7th floor of a newer apartment building located right in the city. I have lived here for maybe 8 months now...The price to buy it was decent and I honestly don't need much space as I live alone. I have a little foyer entrance with a closet for shoes and jackets. Then straight down the little hallway it opens up into the well spacious living room. I have a couch, two lounge chairs, coffee table and tv. Around the room there are some potted plants I am attempting to grow...they haven't died yet so thats a good start. Then off from the living room there is the kitchen which is pretty big. The main reason as to why I bought this place. Then down another little hallway is the spare bedroom, bathroom, hall closet, and my bedroom. Its a simple place, but it works for what I need. Oh I also got my own clothing washer and dryer...so another huge plus to this place.
I watch as snow flakes float down from the clouded sky above us. "I hate winter...." I mutter as I glance to the clock on the wall. "6:43am...guess I can stop for a coffee on the way to work..." I go to the kitchen again and throw away my apple core and walk across the living room and open my hall closet.
I pull out my brown winter jacket and put my arms into the sleeves. Reaching into the closet I then grab a yellow scarf and wrap it securely around my neck. I pull on a pair of brown gloves then grab my work bag. Opening the door I exit my place and lock the door behind me.
I step out of the elevator and exit the warmth of the building into the freezing cold outdoors. I tighten my scarf more around my neck as I walk down the sidewalk. The snow crunches under my work shoes as I make my way down the still quiet street.
I pass by shops that are just starting to open for the day. Making my way to my favourite coffee shop I smile seeing as it is not busy. I push open the door and sigh of relief to feel the warmth on my ice cold face. Inhaling a deep breath the freshly brewed coffee smell makes me already feel more alive.
I walk up towards the counter where the coffee barista smiles shyly at me. "Morning Minoru..." She smiles at me through her glasses. She has blonde hair and blue eyes with pale skin. Today her hair is tied back in a braid. I have always thought she was really cute.
I flash her a smile and I see her cheeks slightly flush pink. "Good morning Cho." I start to pull off my gloves when she already has my usual cup of coffee already before me. I smile at her, "You know me all to well."
"Well you do come here every morning at the same time, always ordering the same drink."
"Hmm guess I do...maybe one day I should switch up my order. Quiet morning so far?" I ask as I take a sip of the perfectly brewed steaming hot coffee.
"Yah...we will pick up and get swamped in like half an hour though." She smiles at me. She looks so much more prettier when she smiles like that at me.
"Thanks for the coffee.." I hand her my money. "Keep the change." I smile at her as I pull my gloves back on.
"Have a great day Minoru. See you tomorrow morning." She says while blushing.
"See ya tomorrow." I grin and leave the coffee shop.
I considered many times asking Cho out on a date...I know she would say yes, its clear she likes me. But for some reason I just never do. Maybe I am just to nervous and shy to ask her out.
After all I am already 27 years old...still single and living on my own. Yah I have dated girls..but never found the right girl to settle down with, you know? Maybe one day I will meet that perfect someone for me.
Drinking my hot coffee I once again walk down the freezing city streets on my way towards the office.
...


Rumors?
Walking down the sidewalk drinking my coffee I cant help but pray today goes by fast. I love my job, I do. But Monday is just the start of the long week of work ahead of me.
I stop at the street light as the light turns red. I watch as cars drive by. Waiting the light changes colour and the crossing light flickers. I join the crowd of other early risers and walk across the slightly icy road. Walking passed the park I stop to take in the beauty of it covered in white thick snow. Yes I hate winter and snow, but even I realize how beautiful it can be. I turn my gaze away from the frozen playground and continue my way to work.
I watch the buses pass by, yah I could always catch one and get out of the cold weather. But I wake up so early as it is I am always one of the first at work in my department. Besides I like walking, especially in the morning when everything around you is still so quiet. It makes everything so peaceful. 
Finally I cross the street from the city park and find myself standing in front of a huge brick building. After I graduated my senior class of high school I always wanted to become a reporter for a magazine. So I went to collage and took journalist classes, and even worked on the campus school paper. And now here I am...one step closer to my dream as I stand before the main office building for Shizen Magz.
Shizen Magz is a well known popular Magazine in Japan that covers anything from fashion, food, cultures and lifestyles. Basically if you want to become a top rated journalist or reporter...This is where you want to be. 
I walk to the main entrance and enter the building. My body sighs in relief as the warmth from the heaters blow across my face.
I open my work bag and pull out my swipe card.  I smile at the receptionist who blushes and bows her head in return to me. I walk past the desk and scan my card on the locking pad and the door clicks opened. I push it opened and walk down the hallway towards the elevator. On the way I pass many other early risers already running around the office rushing to get the day started. 
Pushing the up button I stand and wait for the elevator door to open. The heat on my body warms me up nicely that I have to remove my scarf. Finally the elevator arrives and I step inside. Quickly I make sure no one is rushing to catch the elevator before allowing the doors to fully shut, yah I am thoughtful like that.
Reaching my gloved hand out I press the 4th floor and I stand in silence as the elevator starts to move. The elevator chimes and the door slides opened. Stepping out of the elevator I find myself standing in the department that covers Food and Local Restaurants.
I walk through the office as I head towards my desk.
"Morning Minoru!" One of my co-workers smiles at me. 
"Morning." I smile back. Walking further into the office I finally arrive at my office....ok that's a lie. I wish I had my own office being a top rated reporter. But sadly that is not my job. I drop my work bag on top of my tiny desk in my little cramped cubicle. Standing there I remove my gloves and take my jacket off and hang it on the back of my chair. Sitting in my chair I turn to my computer and push the power button and wait for it to boot up.
"Urihara, early again I see."
"Good morning Sir." I stand and bow my head to my boss. Mr Gaya runs the food department of the Shizen Magz.
"Can you make sure those proofreads are on my desk before the end of the day."
"Of course Sir." I bow my head again as he walks away. I sigh and slump in my chair. That's right....I dream of being a famous reporter...but I am only a proofreading editor. I mean someone has to do it....but you get absolutely no credit in the magazine. How I would love to see my name on the front page. Or an article I actually got to write myself. 
Sighing I get to work on the pile of papers waiting to be edited.
As 9:00am rolls around, the office is already buzzing with reporters running around, while the phones ring like crazy.
I take the edited articles I have already finished and place them on Mr Gaya's desk. Turning around I suddenly bump into someone causing them to drop their file of papers.
"Oh forgive me I am so sorry!" I quickly drop to the floor and rush to grab the papers. I stand up, bow my head and hold the papers out in front of me.
"Thank you, and don't worry about it." Not recognizing the voice I raise my head and I find myself staring into a pair of dazzling bright green eyes. "Have you seen...uhh whats his name again." He pauses to think. "Right! Mr Gaya."
"Oh, no I haven't seen him in a while." I find myself unable to look away from the man standing before me. He has brown hair that is even longer then mine. His hair falls across his shoulders and he has part of it pinned up in the back.
"Are you a reporter?" He asks me while his eyes look me up and down.
My face flushes being mistaken for a reporter, "Oh no....I wish. I am one of the proofing editors." I speak quietly. I bow my head, "I must get back to work, please excuse me." I bow once more then rush off back to my tiny cubicle.
...
I glance at the clock to see it is only 10am now. "Today is going by way to slow..." I grumble as I stare at the huge pile of articles still needed to be edited. I reach for the next paper when I hear whispers coming from the cubicle next to me.
"Did you hear the rumor going around?" A ladies voice speaks up.
"No, what rumor?" Another lady asks in a hushed voice.
I groan in annoyance, all those two ever to is gossip about so called office rumors and affairs.
"The reporter Shido has joined Shizen Magz." My ears perk up hearing this. Fuyuki? The Fuyuki Shido...I have read all of his articles...he is amazing.
"Really! that is big news for Shizen then."
"Apparently the rumor is he is out looking for a partner to help him with a huge main magazine spread Shizen will be covering."
"Really! whats the spread about!"
"That's the thing....no one is saying, they are keeping it a secret."
"Don't you two have more important things to do then to stand around gossiping!" Mr Gaya's sharp voice snaps across the office.
"Sorry!" Both of them squeal at the same time and rush back to work. 
"I wonder if it's true..." I mutter under my breath. That would be a huge honor. Meeting Fuyuki Shido in person. Reading his articles makes me only want to be a reporter even more. 
"Urihara!" My head snaps up from my papers. I am holding my pen in mid air as I stare wide eyed at Mr Gaya.
"Yes Sir..."
"There is a meeting in the lifestyles department at 3:00pm, don't be late!" I drop my pen on my desk as my mouth hangs opened. "Did you hear me!"
"Sir?"
"You wish to work in the Lifestyle department don't you?" I still don't understand what is happening.
"Yes Sir..."
"Well I will miss having you here..." he must have seen the utter disbelief on my face as he chuckles lightly. "Your being transferred to Lifestyles. But I want you to finish those first before the meeting!" He points at the pile of unedited articles.
"Sir are you serious?"
He smiles. "Yes...pack your desk...and don't be late for that meeting. The Lifestyles department is expecting you."
"Sir....." He looks at me. "Yes Sir!" I bow my head still unsure as to what just happened.
...


Meetings & Promotions?
Sitting in my tiny cubicle I sit there stunned. Did Mr Gaya really just tell me I am being transferred up into lifestyles. I can't get my mind focused on what he said. Me? Working in the Lifestyles department....That is only the biggest department in Shizen. That is where all the famous reporters work. To think I could be editing their works....That thought alone makes me grab the next article as I quickly start proofing it over.
I can't sit still in my desk as I work on the pile of unedited articles. My eyes keep glancing to the clock which is not helping. 12:23pm. My fingers start to drum on my desk in anticipation for 3:00pm. Does Lifestyles always bring proofing editors into their meetings....In the food department I have never once been in a meeting. I am kind of freaking out internally.
At 12:30pm I stand from my desk and stretch out my cramped sore muscles from sitting in my tiny cubicle. I grab my jacket and throw it along with my yellow scarf back on as I go for my lunch break. Walking through the office I arrive at the elevator and push the going down button. After a couple minutes the elevator chimes and the door opens. I stand out of the way as others step off the elevator while I step inside. Making it to the main lobby of the office I brace myself for the cold winter air.
My body shivers as I step through the main doors. I glance around at the local food shops and my eyes land on a tiny Ramen restaurant. They are never usually to busy, but man their ramen noodles are great. I walk to the curb of the sidewalk and wait for the traffic light to change. When it does I quickly cross the street avoiding the patches of slippery ice. 
Reaching my hand out I grab the door handle to the Ramen shop. Just as I am about to pull it opened someone exits the shop pushing the door opened forcefully. I stumble backwards losing my balance. This would have been perfectly fine...except for the fact that my foot slips on a patch of ice, causing me to fall backwards onto my ass.
I sit there completely mortified as my face burns red from my embarrassment. "Oh god!" I hear a male speak out. "I am so sorry! Let me help you up!" I raise my gaze slightly to see a hand held out before me. I accept his help and he pulls me up to my feet. "I really am sor...." He pauses mid sentence. "Your from Shizen!" I hear him chuckle. "I thought I recognized your hair."
I raise my gaze and find myself staring up into those dazzling green eyes again.
"Seems we keep bumping into one another..." He grins at me.
"So sorry." I bow my head.
"It's fine....your not hurt are you?"
My face burns even redder. "No...." I shake my head. "I'm fine..."
He then steps out of my way. "Well I better let you go eat. Don't want to waste all your lunch break. Will see ya later!" He winks at me then walks off.
I stare after this mysterious man. "Who the hell is he?" I whisper out. And why the hell would I see him later? Shaking my head from these thoughts I enter the Ramen shop and order my lunch.
...
Sitting back in my cramped cubicle I struggle to keep my mind focus on the job before me. I reach for the next article to edit when my eyes grow wide. The stack of papers is gone. I glance at my desk and realize that I managed to get them all done. I grab the papers and head towards Mr Gaya's office. The door is shut so I knock lightly and he calls out for me to come in.
Entering I see him on the phone. He glances to me and holds a finger up. I nod my head and just stand there as he finishes his call.
"Urihara..." He speaks to me as he hangs the phone up. 
"I finished the proof readings." I hold out the pile to him and he smiles.
"Ahh yes, I will truly miss having you on my team. But I know you want to move up in this business. It would be cruel for me to keep you here." He smiles at me. "You are one of the best proof editors I have seen who has worked for me in any department."
I eyes grow wide as I bow my head, "Thank you very much Sir..."
"I know you will do great up in Lifestyles....have you packed your desk?" I shake my head. "Go do that. You finished your work. So once your desk is emptied head straight up to Lifestyles. I will call them and let them know your coming a little earlier before the meeting starts."
"Thank you for everything Sir." I smile at him as I exit his office. I grab a box and start placing all my items inside. Then taking a deep breath I make my way to the elevator.
...
I keep glancing at the elevator buttons and I still can't get my mind off of the fact I am working in Lifestyles now as a proof editor. The doors chime and the doors open revealing the hectic 12th floor. I take a nervous gulp and step out of the elevator. To be honest I have never been higher then the 8th floor before.
"You must be Minoru Urihara." I turn to see a lady walk towards me.
"Yes, that is me." I smile at her.
I see a tinge of pink cross her features as I look at her.
"Let me show you to your office." She smiles.
"My....office?" I ask in confussion. She only beams at me with a smile on her face and I silently follow behind her.
"Well this is it..." She opens the door and I freeze.
"There must be some mistake...." I turn around to stare at her. "I am only just a proof editor...."
"Ah my dear boy!" A deep chuckle rings out as an arm drapes across my shoulders. "Proof editing? No no....we have no need for that up here...."
"Sir?" I look at him in utter confusion.
"Gaya was supposed to explain...." He waves the lady off who takes one final look at me and blushes as she leaves. Ushering me inside the office I notice there are two desks. One already has someone's items spread across it. "This is your desk Urihara." I place the box down then turn to the man.
"So I am not here for Proof Editing?" I ask in a whisper.
"No....." He chuckles out again. "Welcome to the big leagues now kid." He slaps my back. "Welcome to the world of reporting!"
"Repor...REPORTING!" I blurt out.
"Gaya said that is what you wished to do. Was he wrong?"
"Yes...I mean no! I mean yes that has always been my dream...." I stumble to find the correct words. 
"Well now is your chance to live that dream. Your partner..." He motions to the other desk. "Well you will meet him at the meeting which....Oh! Will be starting in 15 minutes! I must get things ready!"
"Uhh Sir?" He stops to look at me. "My apologies but are you my new boss?"
He chuckles. "Guess I missed that part huh? Yes I am your boss now. The name is Ichiro Kida...I will send a secretary to show you to the meeting room in 10 minutes. I will let you settle in!"
I stand there in utter shock as I watch him leave the office...wait My Office.
I look at the desk then walk over to the window behind it. "Is this all even real?" I whisper out in utter disbelief. 
...




Fff..Fuu...Fuyuki Shido?
A knock on the door brings me from my thoughts. "Sorry to disturb you Mr Urihara..." I turn to see a younger girl with red hair and brown eyes smiling softly at me. She bows her head, "My name is Tami."
"Please...just Minoru is fine..." I say awkwardly as I give her a shy smile.
Her face instantly flushes pink and she bows her head. "Mr Kida wished me to show you to the meeting hall."
"Oh right.....Thank you." I smile at her as I leave my new office. This still all feels to unreal. I feel like at any moment a group of people are going to jump out at me and scream GOTCHYA!
Nevertheless I follow this shy red head to the meeting hall.
"Thank you Tami." I bow my head to her causing her to only blush even more.
"No...it is just my job...." She bows then rushes away.
Standing at the doors I open them to see the room is already partly filled of reporters who I recognize from their photos.
"Urihara good! Please sit anywhere!" I nod my head as Mr Kida nods to me. I take the seat nearest to me and sit there awkwardly. "Seems like Shido is late...." I hear Mr Kida sigh.
My eyes open wide. Was the gossip I heard earlier true....Is Fuyuki Shido really working with Shizen Magz now....
"We will start without him." He turns towards us and smiles. "First things first, lets welcome our newest recruit!" All eyes turn to me and I awkwardly smile.
"Uhh...I am Minoru Urihara...it is an honor to work with you all....." God help me.....
Just then the doors burst open. "Sorry I am late! Got lost....this building is huge you know!" A voice chuckles out. "What did I miss Kida?"
"We were just introducing our newest reporter Minoru Urihara." My eyes open wide as I see those green eyes for the third time today. "He is new to the world of reporting, so go easy on him Shido."
"I can't keep any promises..." The man chuckles as he walks over and sits beside me. He looks to me and I can't stop staring at him. "Told you we would see each other later."
"Now that Shido is here lets continue...."
I didn't think I could handle any more surprises today....oh how wrong I was. I stare at the man beside me, he glances to me and we make eye contact. I cant stop my voice from whispering out quietly enough so just he can hear.
"Fff..Fuu...Fuyuki Shido?" He cant seriously be the reporter who I have idolized. No one has ever seen photos of him. I always assumed he was an older gentleman.
He grins at me. "Nice to meet you Minoru Urihara."
...
The meeting then comes to an end. It wasn't what I thought it would be like. It was more relaxed really. The reporters and journalists all joked around with one another. Nothing what I thought meetings would be like. Some assignments were given out then the rest was just process updates on upcoming articles. But I was shocked and confused Shido and myself weren't given any assignments. 
Still in a daze I return to my Office to find someone already in there. His long brown hair brushes his shoulders as he sits at his desk typing on his computer. His eyes raise up and meet my gaze. "Hope you don't mind me taking this desk...if not we can switch."
"NO!" I blurt out...."Uhh..I mean...no that's fine!" I awkwardly place my hand on the back of my neck as I walk to my desk.
"A little overwhelmed?"
"That obvious huh?" I let a tiny chuckle escape my lips.
"I talked to Gaya. He said you were the best proof editor he has ever seen, which is good. You know how articles should be written, so that wont be an issue for you. And you took journalist courses in collage so I think you will be just fine."
"How...."
"Remember who I am..." He smiles.
I mentally face palm. This is Fuyuki Shido. Of course he did background research on me...
"To be honest....I thought you would have been, uhh..." How do I say this without being rude.
"Older?" He laughs. "Yah I get that a lot...."
"Well sorry your stuck with me as a partner..." I speak quietly.
"I already knew you were going to be my partner." I look at him from my desk. "I requested you to be." I stare blankly at him.
Just then there is a knock on the door.
"Come in!" Fuyuki calls out.
I watch silently as Mr Kida walks in. "Ah good getting acquainted.." He looks from him to me then back again. "I wish to discuss your project..."
I watch Shido nod his head. "Yes I would like to hear the basics behind what you wish from us."
"This project is not being released yet, no one in this building even knows except for myself and Shido here." I listen closely. "I have noticed lately that more and more places are becoming anti gay. Lots of stores refuse to even serve a same sexed couple. 
"So you want us to report about these places?" I ask in a unsure voice.
"Yes...and no." His eyes light up with excitement. "Shizen will do a full on magazine spread covering same sexed relationships. On the truth on how people in the public view them. How they are treated when they go out. I want the world to know Shizen supports those who are brave enough to not hide in the shadows."
I feel eyes on me and I turn to see Fuyuki look away. "So...you wish us to do more then just report on these places." He asks. 
"Exactly...To get the really response from the public I am going to ask you both to go undercover."
"Undercover?" I speak out confused.
"We can do that easily enough..." Fuyuki nods his head.
"Perfect...I want to thank you again Shido for coming on board to write this article for us."
I have no idea what is going on as I stand from my desk. "What exactly do you mean by going undercover?" I speak up, my voice a little louder then before.
"Ah my boy....." Mr Kida walks over to me and places a hand on my shoulder. "To get the full on response we want. I am asking you and Shido to go undercover as a couple." My eyes shoot open wide.
"Wwwhat?" I stammer out.
"I want you to both trick the world into thinking your dating. Go on dates together, see how your treated..."
"You want....me.....him....us?" I am lost in my thoughts.
"I want it to go deeper then just random people thinking your dating. I want you to make everyone think your dating...the office, this entire building, your families..."
My face pales hearing what he is asking of me.
Shido stands up and walks over to me. "If you wish not to be apart of this you don't have to. I chose you to be my partner for this because I felt a vibe from you when we first met."
I stare into his green eyes. "I...."
"Minoru," he smiles at me. "Everything will be fake....to you and me it is just for the job." His face is serious when he says this. "Or are you already in a relationship?" I shake my head no. 
"What do you say Urihara?" I look to Mr Kida. 
"How long would we have to pretend to be......uhh........"
"Dating." Shido finishes for me.
"Uhh yah...." I nervously glance down to my desk.
"I want a full experience, I am thinking a couple of months or something....However this also means for the time being it would be best if you two moved in together. Get to know one another. Besides what couples now a days don't live together?"
Shido nods his head and for some reason I find myself nodding as well. 
Who would have imagined all this would happen to me on a regular Monday at work. 
...




Roommates?
How did this happen? I rush around my apartment making sure it is spotless. I glance to the clock on the wall. "Shit, he will be here any minute..." My mind goes back to earlier today. 
"I am fine with us having to be roommates for the time being...." Fuyuki glances to me. "However...I am currently living at a hotel so..."
"Uhh..my place may be kind of cramped, there is only one bedroom...." I mutter awkwardly.
"Got a couch?" I nod my head. "I can sleep there, I don't mind....Are you sure your fine with doing this?"
"I....I'm not sure...." 
"Well...lets make some ground rules how about." I nod my head. "Well I mean in public we will have to seem all lovey dovey...." Oh god what have I gotten myself into....I have dreamed of being a reporter, this is my chance to make that dream a reality....but this.
"Like holding hands?" 
"Yah....and things like feeding each other, snuggling close. Kissing...." My eyes grow wide and he notices my reaction. "First rule...no kissing each other on the lips..." I sigh out in relief. "But cheeks, neck we will..."
"Uhhh ok agreed."
"Look I am going to treat this completely professional. When we are alone we can drop the act...so only when we are in public."
"Ok....."
Shido holds his hand out for me shake and I nervously stare at him. 
"If we are going to trick people into thinking we are in love...you can't be so nervous at just a handshake."
"Right...sorry...." I grasp his hand tightly.
"Look we will start this off slow...we wont jump into it right away. Lets start with just subtle little hints here and there as if we have a crush on one another...help get us used to the idea..also that way your awkwardness will make sense..."
"Thanks..." I mutter completely mortified with this idea.
"Oh and rule number two...no one can know the truth...we want to see peoples honest reactions...that includes your family. So only Mr Kida, you and myself can know this is all an act....."
And now here I am freaking out at home. I honestly have no idea if I can do this....pretend I am dating a guy....but this is work....Reporters go undercover all the time. I mean they go undercover into mobs and the mafia...compared to that surely I can pretend I am dating one single guy.
The doorbell to my apartment buzzes and my body jumps. "Calm down Minoru.....I can do this...." I walk over and open the front door.
"Hey Roomie!" Fuyuki grins as I move out of the way so he can enter. I see his bags and I take them from him. "Thanks."
"Your welcome...Found the place alright?"
"Yah...."I watch him slip his shoes off then he walks down the hall and enters the living room. "Wow....Pretty nice sized place for a one bedroom.
"Uhh....well obviously this is the living room. And the Kitchen." I point over his shoulder. I place his bag down against the wall and motion for him to follow me. "This is a hallway closet....I don't really use it so feel free to put anything in there. Uhh bathroom." I open the door and he peaks his head in. "That's just a laundry room and then my bedroom is at the end of the hallway."
I go to head back into the living room when he asks out. "What about that room?" I watch as he goes to open the spare bedroom. I jump in front of him to stop him.
"Please don't....." I plead with him. "Rule number three...this room is off limits..." I hold my breath as I wait for him to reply.
"Got it...." I sigh in relief as he goes to the living room. "It is a nice place...."
"Thanks....feel free to help yourself to anything in the cupboards or fridge....I guess you need to think of this as your place now too."
"Thanks...." He glances around the room. "Do you mind if I set my computer up anywhere?"
"Go ahead..." I shrug my shoulders.
"So how old are you Minoru?" He suddenly asks as he pulls his laptop from his bag. I watch him as he places it on the coffee table plugging it into the outlet on the wall.
"Huh?"
He laughs. "We will need to learn everything about each other to show the world we are a couple..."
"Oh...Right...27 you?"
"24"
"Your joking right?"
He raises his gaze and looks at me. "No...I am 24 years old....want to see my licence?" He chuckles at my expression.
Here I have been dreaming to become a reporter my whole life...and I find out my idol is freaking 3 years younger then me.....I run my hands through my shaggy purple hair.
"Favourite colour?" he suddenly asks me.
I look to him as he types away on his laptop. "Purple...you?"
"Red."
"Favourite food?" I ask curious.
"Ramen..." He grins. "You?"
"Same....I love Ramen..."
"Hmm so we do have the makings of a couple after all!" He laughs as he types away some more.
This went on for awhile. He would ask random questions then I would ask questions.
I stand from the chair I was sitting in. "Do you want a drink? I have some beers if you would like one..."
"Sure."
I walk into the kitchen and open the fridge. I stand there for a moment taking a couple deep breaths. "Come on Minoru you can do this....It will all be pretend, I am not actually dating him...." I grab two beer bottles and grab the bottle opener. Popping the caps off I walk to the living room to see Fuyuki Shido leaning back on the couch with his hands in his hair. "Uhh here..."
"Thanks..." He takes the bottle from my hand. His fingers just barely graze my skin. I feel my face burn red as I slightly jump at his touch. He starts to chuckle out. "We got a long way to go before people will think we are a couple..."
"Sorry...." I mumble as I sit on the opposite side of the couch. "I'm not to good at the whole dating thing anyways...." I say as I take a drink of my beer.
"No?" He looks at me. "I find that hard to believe."
"Why?"
"I only met you today and I already see how all the girls around you act." I stare blankly at him. He chuckles lightly. "Have you never realized your a crazy chick magnet?"
"Me..?" I say in doubt. "Your so wrong...."
"In the Food department....in the meeting....Every girl cant keep their eyes off you. Then when you look at them and smile...you make them fall in love with you."
"Your exaggerating."
"Trust me...if you were to ask any of them out they would all say yes right away." I sit in silence thinking about what he said. "Is there no girl you like?"
My cheeks burn red. "Uhh....well...."
"Forget that question..." He suddenly says. "Whats your favourite hobby?" I watch him raise the beer bottle to his lips and take a chug.
"Cooking. I love to bake too..."
His eyes look to the kitchen. "Explains why you got this place, the kitchen is huge and spacious.
"Yah....."
"What type of things you make?" I hear the curiosity in his voice.
"I cook basically everything...and I guess I like to bake things like cookies, muffins, cakes and bread." I shrug my shoulders.
"So will you make some for me?"
I laugh out. "Trust me....if you living with me for the time being, you will see me in there all the time...."
"Sweet...it's been forever since I've had a home cooked meal."
A thought pops into my head. "Why were you living in a hotel?"
I watch as the younger reporters cheeks turn red...."Ah well...I kind of went through a rough break up...The ex got the house you see...and yah..."
"Sorry to hear." 
He only shrugs his shoulders. "It would have made it pretty hard to be able to do this article if I was still in that relationship..."
A laugh escapes my lips. "yah any girl would not want to see their boyfriend pretend dating another guy..."
He stays quiet not saying anything. Then he speaks up catching me off guard. 
"Do you want to be the one who asked me out?" I was so not expecting him to say that. I nearly choke on the beer I was in the processing of swallowing. "Sorry...but we need to start working on our story."
"Uhhhh...."
He laughs. "Lets say I asked you out...." I nod my head as I feel my face burn. "I just couldn't help myself you see." I look at him to see Fuyuki gazing intently at me. "Your features are so captivating....and when you smile it makes my heart race." He places his now empty beer bottle on the table and scoots closer to me. "Has anyone ever told you that your deep purple hair makes you drop dead sexy..."
"I.....uh....." I slide away from him to only have my back hit the arm rest. He grins and scoots even closer so he is right beside me. Suddenly his hand grabs mine. 
"Your soft smooth porcelain skin...the way you blush when your embarrassed..." He leans in even closer and places his lips next to my ear. His long brown hair hits my face as I squeeze my eyes shut. "Everything about you turns me on....that is why I had to keep asking you out until you said yes...." Suddenly I hear laughter ringing out. I open my eyes to see him clutching his side. "Ah man! your face!"
"Wwwhat?" I stare at him.
"That was too priceless....but man we do have a long ways to go till people will buy us off as a couple." Finally his laughter calms down. 
"I think you picked the wrong guy for this assignment..."
"I don't....just give it time....And remember....anytime I whisper sweet nothing in your ear...Anytime I do this...." He grabs my hand once more. "It all means nothing....it is just for the job....Nothing more..." 
"Just for the job and nothing more...." I whisper out.
"So do you have some sheets or a quilt i can use...."
"Right!" I jump up and rush from the living room. "Damn...how can he say that type of thing with such a straight face..." I then grab some sheets and a quilt and place them were I was sitting on the couch.
"Thank you Minoru." He smiles at me as he returns to his computer. "Do you mind if I use the shower?" He suddenly asks.
"No go ahead...I normally shower every morning anyways."
"Perfect! I like to shower at night...I kinda sleep in a lot." He smiles.
"Oh I am up super early...." I suddenly walk to the kitchen and grab the bowl on the counter that has some random things in it. "here we go...guess you will need this...especially if I will leave for work before you..." I laugh as I toss him my spare house key. 
He catches it and immediately places it on his key ring. "Thanks. I won't lose it." Then he stands up.
"Oh there are towels in the bathroom closet, just pick one and there is a spare hanger you can hang it on after."
"Thanks again....I hope we can work well together and write an amazing article." He smiles at me.
"Yah.....me too....." I watch as the reporter I have idolized walk into my bathroom. 
Not only am I still stunned that he is freaking 3 years younger then me...and yet he is so famous for his work...but now I will have to pretend he is my boyfriend...
"Can I really pull this off?" I mutter as I enter the kitchen and start to make some food.
...




Just For Work...
~*Author Note: I went through and re-edited Mr Mirano's name to Mr Kida now....was getting some confusion between his name and Minoru...didn't even think how similar they were when picked it haha. So if you see anywhere I missed changing the name over in past chapters please just let me know :D  Now on with the story!*~
...
Groaning I role over in my bed. I got zero sleep last night. I mean how could I? There is a stranger sleeping on my couch! Well Stranger might be a bit harsh...but still.
Sitting up my eyes grow wide as the freezing cold air hits my bare upper body. "Fuck you Winter...." I grumble as I rub my hands up and down my arms as my eyes glance to my alarm clock.
5:19am flashes back at me in it's glowing green lights. "Why can't I ever sleep longer..." I mutter under my breath as I stand from my bed. The soft plush carpet feels so nice on my cold bare feet. I go to leave my bedroom when I freeze. Is he still asleep? Quietly I walk pass the bathroom and stop at the end of the hallway.
Glancing into the living room I see Fuyuki laying on the couch. He is slightly taller then me so his feet just hang over the arm rest. He has his right hand resting under his head that is laying against the back of the couch while his left dangles over the edge. I find myself unable to look away from his sleeping form. Why? Don't ask me.
My eyes look to his face. I lightly chuckle how everyone says my hair is too long. Fuyuki untied his hair and it is all down and falling around his face and his shoulders. How the hell is this guy only 24 years old? He even looks older then that...I swore meeting him he would have maybe been close to 30 just older then me. So how the hell did a 24 year old become so sought after and famous for his reporting skills.
That thought really makes me feel terrible about my self. I am 27 and if it wasn't for him requesting me to be his partner I would still be stuck as a proof editor.
I shake my head and turn around and enter the bathroom. Finished showering I turn the hot water off and step out drying myself off with a towel.
"What to even do today..." I wrap my towel around my waist then open the bathroom door.
I freeze...I feel my facing burning bright red, and it is not from the scolding hot shower. "Morning Minoru..." Standing in the hall just outside the bathroom is Fuyuki. He has his back leaning against the wall with his arms crossed casually. He is only wearing a pair of sleeping pants as his bare chest is right before my eyes. His brown hair is still hanging loose falling down to his shoulders.
"Uhhhh......."
"You weren't lying when you said your an early riser....but if I get to wake up to a view like this everyday...." I watch as his eyes slowly move down my body then his green eyes meet my blue ones once more.
It is then I remember that I am naked...except for the towel around my waist. My hair is still wet and I still have water droplets dripping down my body.
My hand automatically goes and clutches at the towel around my waist. "Ddd..." I clear my throat to calm my nerves. "Did I wake you?"
He only shrugs his shoulders. "It's fine....I'm used to being woken up early. My ex was an early riser too..." I feel his eyes look me up and down. "Man Minoru, you seriously are hot...no wonder all the girls fall for you." He takes a step closer to me. "Lucky me...." He winks then he walks passed me into the bathroom. "Maybe you should get some clothes on....Just the thought of knowing what I would see if your towel falls....." He whispers in a seductive voice causing my body to tense up.
How is he so comfortable talking to a guy like this....
"Or you plan to just stand there all day for me to stare at?" His voice brings me from my thoughts as I turn and quickly enter my bedroom and slam the door shut. I lean my back against it as I place a hand against my chest, I feel my heart pounding.
"Fuck...what was that!" That was all just part of his act right....? Then his voice from yesterday rings through my mind.
"And remember....anytime I whisper sweet nothing in your ear...Anytime I do this....It all means nothing....it is just for the job....Nothing more..."
It throws me off when he does things like this though...because he says it is all fake. But fuck, it sounds 100% real to me.
Dressed in a pair of dark blue jeans I grab a long sleeved deep purple shirt and place it on. I cant keep my thoughts straight as I button up the front of my shirt. Finally dressed I take a deep breath then exit my bedroom. Walking into the living room my eyes land on Fuyuki who is sitting on the couch fully dressed.
"You hungry?" I ask him.
"No not really. I don't normally eat big breakfasts anyways."
"Me either...I usually eat an apple then head to a coffee shop every morning at this time."
"Well lets go then!" He jumps up from his spot.
"Huh?"
He walks up to me and places his hand on my shoulder. "Mr Kida gave us the next couple days off so we can get warmed up to each other...besides I want to know how you live your daily routine and become apart of it to makes this whole thing more believable." I nod my head as I walk to the hall closet and grab my winter jacket. "Sorry if I startled you earlier..." I blush just thinking of the memory.
"It's fine....this is all for the article right?" I turn my gaze to him.
"Yup...." He smiles and takes out his own winter jacket. "So where is the coffee shop?"
"Not far from here....maybe a block."
"Well lead the way...do they sell baked goods too?"
"Yah...I don't normally stay there long though, I get a coffee at this time then walk straight to work."
"Why do you get up so early? You must be one of the first guys at work..."
I chuckle lightly. "Yah I always am...and I don't know. I just can't sleep very well I guess...."
"Well since we don't have work guess we could hang out there for a bit. Drink some coffee, maybe get a bite to eat and just chat..."
I look up into his green eyes. His long hair is once again partially tied back while the rest brushes his shoulders. "Sounds good...." I smile up at him.
"That smile right there......." He takes a step towards me.
"Wwwhat?"
"That is the smile that makes all the girls fall in love with you..." He whispers as he reaches his hand out to my face, I stare at him. However he pulls his hand away and heads to the door. "Lets go..." He laughs.
Fuck....Just for work.....just for work....I mentally keep saying over and over in my head. Everything he does.....it is just for work....
...


You Like Her...
Exiting the apartment building I shiver as the cold morning air hits my face. I take my gloved hands and tighten my scarf to block the cold from hitting my neck.
"Not a fan of the cold?"
I turn to see Fuyuki looking at me with a small smile on his lips. "No...The cold and I don't get along very well..."
"So Winter is your least favourite season then."
"Yes and No..." I see the confusion cross his green eyes. "I hate the cold yes...but I think the scenery looks beautiful covered in snow."
"Your right on that one." He shoves his hands in his jacket pockets. "I prefer summer though. The heat, getting to wear shorts and sandals. Spending all my free time at the beach...that's the life."
"I've never really been one for the beach..."
"No?" I shake my head to his shock. "So what is your favourite season?"
"Spring..."
"Why spring?"
"That's when all the Cherry Blossoms are in full bloom..." I speak softly.
"That's your favourite flower I am guessing." I nod my head. "Mine too..." I glance to him as we look at one another. "We do got some things in common..."
A laugh escapes my lips. "Yah. Cherry Blossoms and we both love ramen..."
"This is comfortable right? Walking and talking like this..."
"Yah...guess it is...."
"Can I try something......"
"Uhh sure..."
Suddenly he removes one of his hands from his jacket. He reaches over and takes my gloved hand gently in his. I stop walking as I stare at him in shock. He sees my reaction and drops it as my face burns red in the cold air.
"Sorry...to soon..." He chuckles putting his hand back inside his pocket for warmth.
Embarrassed I take a step not paying attention and my foot slips on some ice.
"Ah!" I gasp out as I go to fall backwards. My eyes squeeze shut waiting for the cold hard pavement.
"Whoa! got yah!" Suddenly strong arms wrap around my body. I open my blue eyes and green eyes shine only mere inches away from my face. "You ok?" He asks me softly. My face blushes bright red as he holds my body tightly to his. I can feel his hot breath on my face, my heart starts to race in my chest at being this close to him.
"Uhhh yah, I'm good...." I whisper quietly as he helps me stand up. He removes his arms from my body and places his hands back in his pockets.
"How much further?" He suddenly pulls me from my inner thoughts.
I glance around the street and I point to a building on the corner. "That's the cafe....." He nods his head and we continue walking in silence.
...
Entering the cafe the warmth feels so good.
"Minoru!" My head looks to the front counter and a smile dances across my lips as I see the cute blonde with glasses. I walk to her as there is no line up again. 
"Good morning Cho..." I smile and her face burns pink.
"How are you today..." She smiles kindly at me.
"Cold..." I chuckle as she holds out a cup of my regular coffee for me.
"This will help you then...."
"Thank you..." I remove my gloves placing them in my pocket and reach out and take my cup of coffee. My fingers brush her soft porcelain skin and her cheeks burn even redder.
Then her eyes land on the guy behind me. "Who is your friend Minoru? You never come here with anyone."
"Oh...this is....." I pause. How the hell am I supposed to introduce him. I kinda like Cho and I don't want her thinking I am dating him.
"Fuyuki Shido." Fuyuki steps up beside me. "Minoru and I are partners at work."
"Oh...well what can I get for you Fuyuki."
"Just a coffee. Black please." She nods her head and hands him his cup. "You want something to eat?" Fuyuki suddenly asks me.
"Uhh sure...." I glace at the display case. "Muffin looks good."
"Make that two." Fuyuki says to Cho. I go to grab my money but he beats me to it. "My treat today...You can get it next time."
"Oh....sure.."
"Are these to go?" Cho gazes at me smiling.
"No for here...." I chuckle as her eyes grow wide.
"You have never actually stayed here before..." she says placing the muffins on plates and handing them over.
"Haha yah I know....Got the day off work...so we are just hanging out..."
"Hanging out at 6 in the morning?" She looks between the two of us. Her eyes look sad for a moment. "Minoru...are you....I mean....are you and him....."
"I will get a table..." Fuyuki suddenly says as he grabs the tray of drinks and food and walks to a table by the window.
I turn my gaze back to Cho who is biting her lower lip. Fuck she looks cute when she does that. She looks up at me and her blue eyes shine through her glasses. 
"You should go join your friend.....I need to get back to work." She says sadly.
Fuck...
"Uhh Cho?" I quietly speak while gazing at her face.
"Yah Minoru?" She whispers while her cheeks are still tinted pink.
I shake my head. "Sorry....it's nothing.....Thanks." I smile at her and walk towards the table.
"You really like her huh?" I stare across the table to look at Fuyuki. "If you want to ask her out...I can find someone else to do this assignment with me."
I know if that happens I will just get sent back to proof editing.... "No...It's fine." I glance towards the counter and I see Cho helping another customer. Suddenly her eyes meet mine and she blushes like mad, this makes me smile.
"You sure? She is crazy for you...and it looks like you feel the same. Why have you never asked her out?"
"I don't know...I honestly thought about it a lot. I see her every morning I come here. I do think she is really cute....but I don't know...something always stops me. Maybe because I know she is way younger then me.."
"How old is she?"
"She is in collage. She is 21 years old."
"6 years isn't that big of a difference...." Fuyuki shrugs his shoulders. "I just hope you don't regret this...doing this article with me....she will have to believe we are dating too..."
"I know...." I don't want her to think I am gay... "I will explain everything once the article has been published....then maybe I will ask her out if she will still have me...."
"If that is what you want to do then....."
"Can I ask you something?" Fuyuki nods his head and takes a bite from his muffin. "What was your ex like?" 
I watch as he places his muffin down and takes a drink of coffee. "Why?" He looks to me. 
"Sorry if you don't want to talk about it....it's just you were the one who said we need to learn everything about each other...."
"No your right...." He sighs out.
"Look if you don't want to..." He holds up a hand to stop me.
"Dannie....Well the two of us were together for close to two years. We met in collage and were really close friends. Then I took that jump and asked Dannie to go out with me."
"What was she like?" I ask interested to know the type of girls he is into. Though why I care, I don't know.
I watch a grin form on his lips. "A lot like you actually....very shy. Took awhile to not be embarrassed being seen holding my hand..."
"That does sound like me..." I muttered as I bite into my own muffin. "So why after two years did you two end things?"
"I caught Dannie cheating on me with another guy...."
My eyes grow wide. "I am so sorry! I shouldn't of asked!" I nervously lower my gaze.
"It's in the past..."
"So you two lived together then..."
He nods, "Yah...I couldn't stomach the thought of still living there...So I told Dannie to keep the place, and I started staying at hotels."
"Is that where...."
"Yah....caught them together in the very bed me and Dannie shared together for over a year." He shrugs his shoulders. "So I just pushed myself into my work even more then I was before."
"Another question...how the hell are you so successful for being so young!" He laughs out. "No serious how? I have been trying since graduating collage to becoming a reporter, and the closest I got was proof editing all these years...I was stunned learning the reporter I idolized is three years younger then me...."
"You idolize me?" I look up in embarrassment as I see Fuyuki's elbow resting on the table as he holds his head in his hand gazing at me.
"I......uh...." I feel my cheeks turn an ever darker shade of red.
"God your cute when your flustered..." he smiles at me. "If Dannie and I never broke up....I would have never come to Shizen....If I never came to Shizen, I would have missed this amazing opportunity of falling for you..." He sends me a little wink.
Just for work...Just for work...
I nervously look into his green eyes. "Want to know one special trait about me..." He speaks out softly. I nervously take a gulp of my coffee and place it on the table. My hand lays on the cool surface as I stare into his green eyes. Suddenly he reaches across the table and takes my hand in his. "When I see something I want....I never stop until it is mine....." His gaze burns into mine. "And you Minoru Urihara...I want all of you."
...


A Different Side to Fuyuki
"When I see something I want....I never stop until it is mine.....And you Minoru Urihara...I want all of you."
His words still echo in my head. It has been two days since he said that to me in the cafe shop. I know what he said was all work for him and he meant nothing by it...but still.
I am sitting on my bed to shy to go into the living room to see him. Yesterday morning I woke up once again to meet him awake in the morning and he walked with me to the cafe shop. He acted the same as he did the day before. He would casually say things that would embarrass me then once we returned to my place it was as if nothing happened.
I glance to the clock and see it is only 1:25pm. "I can't hide from him all day..." I sigh as I exit my room. Walking down the hallway I see him sitting on the couch on his laptop that is resting on his lap. He has headphones in his ears, and his head is moving along to his music. Never once did he notice me which I was thankful for. Still unnoticed I enter my kitchen and start to pull things out to bake.
Some time later I place the tin of cupcakes into the oven and set the alarm clock. As I wait for them to be done I sit on a bar stool at the kitchen counter and flip through a random magazine in front of me.
"What smells amazing..." My head raises to see Fuyuki has removed his headphones and stands up from the couch. He walks over and sits on one of the bar stools on the other side of the counter facing me.
"Cupcakes.." I say.
"And what made you want to make those?"
I shrug my shoulders. "No idea..."
"Well they smell amazing..." He smiles at me when his phone starts to ring. "Sorry..." He says as he walks over and picks it up. "Shido here...." My eyes watch him as he starts laughing. "Yo hey buddy!" He grins as he talks to whoever it is. "Tonight?" His eyes light up. "Oh man I am SO IN!" He laughs some more. "No you better save me a spot!" His eyes then flicker to me, and he sees me watching him. "Make that two spots..." My heart starts pounding... "No...just a friend...." He laughs out. "I swear, that is all...Ok man see ya later!" He hangs his phone up and grins at me.
He walks back to the stool and sits down facing me. "We are going out tonight...."
"What?"
"Come on it will be fun!" He grins at me.
"Out where?" I ask unsure.
"Hang out with some of my friends from collage..."
"Hell no...."
"Aww come on Minoru, don't be like that."
"I don't feel like being the oldest one there...." I mutter.
"Some of them are older then me!" He points out. He reaches across the counter and places a hand on my arm. "Look it will be fun....I promise...."
"Are you going to be treating tonight for work?" I ask him cautiously.
"Of course....even my friends need to think we like each other...." His hand moves from my arm to my hand. "Look we been to the cafe twice and I hardly done anything but say some lines to you. Lets make tonight our first test run, see if people by the idea of us being into each other....."
My face pales. "And if that fails..."
"My friends will be too drunk to remember....come on. Lets just let lose and have some fun...." Still unsure I remain silent. "Ok listen." He raises both hands up. "I promise not to do anything completely out there....let me maybe just be close enough to touch you....like this...." his eyes look to his hand resting on mine. I didn't even realize his hand was there and I blush. "Look I will act as if it is our first date...When I date someone I don't rush things...."
"Uhh fine...." I find myself agreeing.
"Yes! Tonight will be fun!" He grins as he quickly pulls out his phone and sends a text.
"So where are we even going?" I ask as my timer goes and I pull the perfectly golden cupcakes from the oven.
"Just a party...but dress warm...it is outside and I know how much you hate the cold..." he winks at me.
...
So this is how I find myself here. I am freaking freezing cold as I wear a winter jacket, gloves and scarf.
"Here you go!" Fuyuki returned from getting us drinks and hands me a beer in a red solo cup.
"Thanks...." I look to him and he seems to be having a great time. He introduced me to his friends as his new partner at work, which is true, but they look at the two of us with different thoughts on their mind.
"You cold?" He asks me.
"Yah...."
"Sorry...they are getting a bomb fire started really soon." he speaks quietly. He seems to wobble a bit as he stands in his place. He has had quite a bit more drinks then I have.
"Are you drunk?" I ask him, a small smile dancing on my lips.
"There is a huge possibility to that..." He grins at me. I chuckle at him. "Do you like me?" He suddenly asks.
"What?" I stare at him.
"Do....you....like.....me..." He speaks each word out slowly. He laughs out. "I am only teasing you...."
I stare stunned at the guy before me. So far I have only seen the guy who takes his work seriously. But right now...this is a whole new side to him...Right now I can really see him as being 24 years old. At a party getting drunk with friends...
"Oh look!" He grabs my hand suddenly. My face flushes bright red, "The bomb fire has started!" He suddenly grasps my hand tighter as he drags me towards the huge fire.
...
"Better?" Fuyuki asks me as we stand in the warmth from the fire.
"Yah....much better."
"Were your beer go?" He notices my cup is gone.
"I finished it...."
"I will get you another!" Before I can say anything he rushes away.
"Are you a friend of Fuyuki's?" I turn to see a young girl gazing at me.
"Uhh yah...." I say.
She has clearly had to much to drink.
"Your hot...." My eyes grow wide and I have no idea how to respond to that. Suddenly she reaches up and wraps her arms around my neck and pulls me down into a kiss. My eyes grow wide as I hear a voice shout out.
"Get your hands and damned lips off him!" She lets me go and I turn still shocked to see Fuyuki standing there with two red cups in his hands. He shoves one of the cups into my hand then grasps my other and pulls me away from the heat of the bomb fire and the drunk girl. 
"So I leave you for two seconds and you let any girl kiss you?" He says sounding upset.
"I didn't let her....she just did!!" I blurt out.
"You mean like this?" Suddenly Fuyuki drops his cup of beer and wraps both arms around my body. I stand there frozen unsure what to do when he raises one of his hands up and raises my chin to meet his gaze. I can't look away from his gorgeous green eyes. He starts to lean in closer and I feel his hot breath hit my lips. "Fuck..." He suddenly whispers. "Rule Number 1...." He pukls his face away but still holds me tightly. 
Wait...he didn't really want to kiss me did he? No...he is just that drunk...
"Minoru...." He whispers my name.
"Yyyyes?" I stutter out.
"Your cute when your all shy and embarrassed..."
"And your drunk..."
"Mmmm maybe I am..." he whispers as he still holds me to his body. 
"There is no maybe...you are..." 
"Minoru..." He whispers my name again as he gazes into my eyes. "See this isn't so bad...." He pulls me closer to him so my head is pressed against his chest.
I can feel my heart beating like mad but....wait a second...My ear pressed against his chest. I can hear Fuyuki's heart, and it is beating just as fast....
Is he really just as nervous to fake date me as I am him?
...


Confused
Fuck... I stare at my clock. "Even after being out till 2am drinking I still wake up so fucking early...." I mutter harshly as I crawl out of bed. Today is our last day off from work then tomorrow we return. It is 5:30am and I crawl out of my bed. Not feeling like taking a shower I decide it best to make some coffee and breakfast. I feel out of it, but I know Fuyuki will feel worse.
He was so drunk last night...
I remember the feeling of him holding me tightly to him. I look to my mirror and I see my reflection and I am blushing. "Fuck...." I whisper as my hands raise to my face. "I can't like him doing that can I?" I shake my head clear of those thoughts.
"No....of course not....I am into girls...."
Then my mind taunts me running through my head. Then why haven't I been on a date in ages....
I groan as I run my hands through my shaggy purple hair. Lets just say even if I did enjoy it...NOT SAYING I DID....but IF I did...it wouldn't matter. This is just for work.... 
I leave my bedroom to see Fuyuki passed out on the floor. I chuckle remembering helping him to the couch. He must have rolled off of it during the night. I walk into my kitchen and notice I have no coffee. "Shit..." I curse..Opening the fridge I see nothing to make for breakfast..."Oh come on..." I groan out.
I suddenly grab my wallet and keys and walk to the closet and pull my coat out. I take one glance back at Fuyuki passed out and leave my place.
The cold morning air feels good as my feet crunch through the snow on the sidewalk. I stop for a moment as I glance up into the sky. I see fresh snow flakes start to fall which stick all over my coat and hair. I arrive at the coffee shop, but I stand outside the window. I gaze inside and there is Cho. She is talking with a co-worker as she brews a fresh batch of coffee. 
"Should I just ask her out?" I whisper....but then I remember I can't....I agreed to do this assignment. "What if I told her the truth...." I gaze at her through the snow tinted window. "I can't do that...Rule number 2..."
My mind goes back to last night...Fuyuki was about to kiss me in his drunken state but stopped so he wouldn't break his own rule. I am so confused right now....did he want to kiss me? Or was that just the alcohol talking...
Suddenly I see Cho's co-worker nudge her and point towards me. Her blue eyes shine with happiness seeing me outside the window. She waves at me and I slowly wave back. Taking a deep breath I push open the door and enter the shop. I am met instantly with the smell of coffee, and it smells amazing.
"Minoru..." Cho smiles at me. "Good morning."
"Morning Cho..." I smile at her.
"Where is your friend this morning?" She means Fuyuki....
"Asleep....on the floor." I chuckle out. Then I realized what I said.
"So I was right the first day seeing you together....she whispers....I don't know....I just always thought you might ask me out, so I was waiting for you too. But now I know you never will because your gay." She sounds hurt.
"What!" my eyes grow wide... "No....I......" My head falls forward. "This is all so confusing...." I mutter.
"What is so confusing about it all?" She asks me.
I quickly glance around the shop and realize we are the only two here. her co-worker must have went into the back. I suddenly do something I never thought I would. I gaze at Cho from over the counter. I reach my hand out and run my fingers along her cheek. I watch her blush even redder and I know there is no going back now. I lean in across the counter as my hand goes to behind her head and pull her into me. Suddenly my lips meet hers in a kiss. She was stunned at first then gladly kisses me in return.
Suddenly she pushes me away. "We cant...." She breaths heavy.
"What?" I stare at her confused.... "You just said...."
"I know....and now I know why your confused...." She smiles sadly at me.
"Now I am confused....is it because I am so much older then you?"
She chuckles. "Your age never bugged me...but I am not the one you should be kissing....he is...." I see her gaze over my shoulders.
My body tenses as I slowly turn around and standing there is Fuyuki. "Fff Fuyuki!" I blurt out startled.
He looks down to the floor. "I heard the door close....I thought I would come join you for coffee." I stare at him. "Now I realize I shouldn't have..." He turns and leaves the coffee shop and I find myself rushing out after him.
"Wait!" I run and grab his arm. "That was nothing!"
"I told you from the first time we were here you liked her...."
"She thinks I'm gay...." I whisper sadly.
"And what is so wrong with that...." Fuyuki whispers sounding almost hurt.
"Nothing!" I run my hands through my hair..... "I only came here to get coffee and food to bring back for us....I thought you would like to stay in...you drank so much last night..." I mutter, "Kissing Cho...I never planned to do that..."
"Look Minoru...I don't care who you bloody hell kiss....but if you fuck up this assignment....." His eyes go serious once more like he always is with work. But then I think to how he was acting last night drunk, the way his heart was racing.
"Are you nervous too?" I ask in a whisper.
"What?"
"About pretending to date me...does it make you nervous?"
"No....why would it?" He says without even flinching.
If he isn't nervous then why was his heart racing last night...I heard it. A thought crosses my mind...the way he talks to me...he isn't....is he? I mean any straight guy would be nervous to pretend to have to date a guy right?
"Fuyuki?" I ask him as we stand outside in the cold winter morning.
"What..." He sounds annoyed.
"Are you....I mean what I am trying to ask is...." He meets my gaze but remains silent. "Fuyuki, Is Dannie a girl?"
"What the hell is your problem!" He snaps out at me, making me regret asking so much as I flinch. "I don't want to talk about my fucking ex who broke my damn heart!" He yells then starts to storm off. "Fuck this..." I hear him whisper as he walks down the street in the directions opposite from my place.
"What did I just do...." I whisper out pained to see him walk away. But why the hell does it hurt so much? I can't possibly be attracted to a guy I only met a couple days ago could I?
...
Sorry. This chapter was kind of random lol


Drunk Confessions
I sit on my bed. Fuyuki has not yet returned. I find myself wondering if he even will...
"Fuck I was an idiot...."I mutter under my breath as I glance to the clock beside my bed. The lights flash saying it is 1:13am.
I fall backwards onto my back knowing I will be awake in like 4 in a half hours. I groan at that thought. Then I hate myself even more for what I did earlier.
I came out asking in the middle of the street if Fuyuki was gay....Dannie....I thought it was a girl's name, but it could easily be a guy....or am I overthinking this? I mean I did clearly ask him in the cafe that first day what SHE was like...and he answered.
"Fuck I am an idiot.....just because he isn't nervous like me...." I fucked up....I know I did. Hell I don't even have his phone number to call and apologize. 
I mean fuck just look at him....he is the type of guy to not get embarrassed about dating...fuck I haven't been on a date in well.....I hate to say how long it has been. All I will say is kissing Cho...yah that's the craziest thing I have done in awhile....
"Fuck!" I curse out once more...I can't stop thinking about what I did. I sit up on my bed and run my hands through my purple hair. "If I was him I wouldn't come back...." I mutter.
I sit there silently until I glance at my clock once more. The lights now shine showing it is 1:47am. "Oh come on!" I cry out irritated with myself. I lay back down and close my eyes...no luck. I grab the bottom of the shirt I am wearing and pull it up over my head. The place is surprisingly warm tonight.....Maybe Fuyuki turned the heat up? If he did he is smarter then me...
Laying in just my pants I stand up and unzip my jeans and remove them. Pulling my soft black sleeping pants on I lay down once more.
I close my eyes trying to fall asleep when a loud noise comes from my entrance. I bolt up and gaze at my bedroom door. "What the fuck was that...." I whisper as my heart races.
I stand from my bed and slowly walk to the door. Opening my bedroom door I peak out but see nothing in the hallway. "Maybe I imagined it...or it was in the hallway outside.." I am about to close my door when I hear the sound of something crashing in my living room.
"SHIT!" I hear a voice say.
That voice....
I throw open my bedroom door and rush down the hall and stand at the entrance to the living room. I place my hand on the light switch and flick it on causing the lamp to turn on.
"HOLY SHIT!" Fuyuki cries out as he stumbles backwards in surprise. I stare at him. If I thought he was drunk last night I was sooo wrong.
"Fuyuki..." I whisper his name out. His head snaps up and he sees me standing there. "Look...I wanted to apologize for what I said earlier..."
"Who the fuck cares...." He mutters out.
"Look I do, I feel bad for what I assumed." He doesn't even seem to hear me as he stumbles towards me.
"You...." He says staring at me.
"Look if I upset you I am sorry! I had no right to blurt out that I thought you were...."
I freeze as he places a finger to my lips. My whole body tenses up.
"Who the fuck cares if I am gay..." My eyes grow wide hearing him speak. "Dannie that fucker said he loved me...He then turned around and shared our bed with another guy!" he yells out. I cringe at the smell of alcohol on his breath. "To have you say his name...." Fuyuki growls out.
However the only thing I can take from this is Dannie WAS a guy.....and when I heard his heart racing....if he wasn't nervous...
"You piss me off so much!" Fuyuki suddenly pushes my chest and I stumble backwards and my back hits the wall.
"Ffffuyuki..." I stumble out in surprise.
"My friends.....they all told me how perfect we were together....said we were the cutest couple ever...That you are so much better for me then Dannie ever was....your more mature then he was. That you would never hurt me like he did....."
"Fuyuki.....your drunk......you should go to sleep...."
"I wanted to do it you know....at the party.....seeing her kiss you.....I wanted to break the rule." His finger touches my cheek and he glides it up and down it. "You drive me crazy Minoru...Mino." He smiles at me. "I am going to call you Mino from now on....."
"Fuyuki...." I breath out in a whisper, I can't slow my heart beat as he stands so close.
"You can call me Yuki if you wish...." He leans in closer and I turn my face away from him.
"We have to work in the morning.....you need to sleep." I whisper. My body burns hot as I feel his lips gently place against my neck. "Ah!" I gasp out in surprise. I try to move away but he puts a hand on either side of my trapping me against the wall.
"No sleep.....I need to do this....." His lips kiss my my neck once more. "Damn Mino your so fucking hot....." I feel his hand graze my stomach.
"Fuyuki please....." I whisper out. 
He pulls away and gazes into my eyes. "I'm sorry....I forgot....your not gay...." I see a sadness cross his eyes.
"Why did you pick me?" I suddenly find myself whispering. "Out of all the reporters at Shizen....why did you pick me...a proofing editor to do this assignment with you?"
"Because when you first ran into me.....I thought you were cute. I was so attracted to you I couldn't stop thinking about you....I don't feel so good....." he starts to groan.
"Your drunk......" I mutter as he stumbles away from me. I know I should stay away from him, but I find myself needing to help him. "Come on...." I lead him towards my bedroom.
"No I sleep there..." He points to the couch.
"You will just roll off it again..." I whisper. 
Walking down the hall he stops. "Whats in there?" He points to the spare bedroom.
"Nothing...." I whisper.
"You know my secret....let me know yours...." He reaches out to open the door when I cry out.
"Please....remember rule number 3...."
"There are 2 rules I want to break now..." He sighs as he allows me to lead him into my bedroom. leading him through the door he stumbles and falls onto my bed. However with my holding him I fall with him. 
My eyes grow wide as I lay beside him as he gazes at me. He sits up then quickly pushes me over so I am on my back as he climbs above me straddling my hips.
"Fuyuki!" I gasp out.
"Fuck the rules...." He whispers as he leans down and captures my lips with his.
...


Uninvited Guest?
I got absolutely no sleep last night. I role over so I am facing the back of the couch. I remember the events that took place only a couple of hours ago.
"Fuck the rules...." 
I remember laying on my back as he roughly dominated over me. Then before I could move he was straddling my hips...
"Fuck the rules...."
His voice keeps echoing in my head as he leaned down and kissed me.
He KISSED me. Fucking Fuyuki Shido a GUY kissed me on the LIPS! 
I was so stunned I just laid there with wide eyes staring up at him. But that can't erase what he did....he kissed me...I won't lie I am completely freaking out about this...like how the hell am I supposed to act around him now.
"First rule...no kissing each other on the lips..."
His own words from a couple days ago echos in my head. It was his rule...yet he broke it. What bugs me more though? The fact he kissed me...or that he is gay?
Well to be honest I don't care the he is gay...I wouldn't have agreed to this project if I was against gay relationships. I am all for them....I just never once thought what it would be like to have a guy express feelings for me. So definitely that kiss is bugging me. 
Do I act casual about it as to not overplay it? Or would that hurt his feelings? I groan and roll over once again my face now looking out into my living room.
Why am I sleeping out here?
Well.....
"Fuck the rules..." suddenly his lips took mine in a kiss. I tried to move but it was no use. I stared with wide eyes at him. His eyes were closed and he looked so happy. He pulled away and he gazed at me with his gorgeous green eyes.
He opens his mouth to speak but next thing I know he collapses on me completely passed out from his drinks. I somehow managed to push his sleeping body off of me and sat up on the bed. 
I couldn't stay sleeping there.....it was to weird. I stood from my bed and turned to leave when I stopped. I turned back around and gazed at his sleeping form. I walked over and took a blanket and draped it over him then left my room. 
So that is how I ended up sleeping on the couch. Though I wouldn't call it sleeping...more just tossing and turning. I eventually drifted off to sleep only to be awaken by a hand shaking me.
"Minoru...." 
The shaking continues and I groan as I roll over and open my eyes slightly.
"AH!" I scream out as I see Fuyuki's face right before mine. I jump up and sit at the edge of the couch remembering him kissing me.
"Not so loud......" He groans as he holds his head in his hands. I watch him silently as he looks to me and meets my gaze. "Care to explain why I woke up in your bed and your sleeping on the couch?"
"WHAT!" I blurt out a little louder then intended as I see him clutch his head in pain. "Sorry...." I mutter. I stare at him. Is he playing with me right now? "Uhh...whats the last thing you remember?" I ask with a now flushed red face.
"Honestly....." He stops to think. "I met up with one of my friends at a bar...." He closes his eyes and looks lost in his thoughts. "Honestly I don't remember coming back here....did you come get me?"
I shake my head.
"Oh...So....." He glances to me. I watch in silence as I see him pull the hair tie from his disheveled hair and his brown locks cascade onto his shoulders, god he has beautiful hair.... "So what exactly happened......" He looks up at me. "I remember waking up in the morning. Seeing you kiss the coffee girl. Getting angry and leaving. Then my friend messaged me and we met up. We hung out all day at some bar drinking and eating.....that is all I remember."
"So you remember nothing after you came back?" I cant stop my face from blushing as I remember his lips against mine. 
"Why are you blushing....I didn't do anything did I?" I shake my head no. "Did I say something?" 
"Forget it, nothing happened!" I blurt out. "Uhh..I mean I heard you came home....you were so drunk...I led you to my room and let you sleep in my bed...or I knew you would end up on the floor again."
"That is all that happened?" I nod my head. "Good...I would have hated if I did something stupid or embarrassing." He lightly chuckles. 
The image of him pushing me up against the wall enters my mind...his lips on my neck...his hand grazing my bare stomach...Him shoving me onto my back on my bed...his hot warm lips pressing against mine....
"No....don't worry....you didn't do anything...." I lie as he looks releaved.
"Ok well good then...." He clutches his head again. "I need to remember not to drink so much..." He glances at the wall and his eyes open wide. "Shit.....we need to leave.."
"Huh?" I look over my shoulder and the clock shows it is 7:39am. I stare wide at the clock.
"Whats wrong Minoru?" Fuyuki asks as he grabs clothes from his bags against the wall....
"I didn't wake up early......" I mutter.
"Sorry...." I look to him and he smiles shyly. "Guess I kept you up late coming home drunk."
"No.....I been up that late before and still wake up before 5:30am. This is a first...."
"Well hurry up and get dressed....or we will be late for work!" He says as he starts to strip his clothes off in the living room. My eyes grow wide as I rush to the safety of my bedroom.
I shut my door and lean my back against it.
"He doesn't remember coming onto me.....or kissing me...." I whisper quietly. I am happy but for some reason I feel the tiniest bit sad...
...
We somehow arrive at the office with a minute to spare. A huge sigh of relief escapes me as I collapse into my chair.
"Not used to arriving late?" He chuckles.
"No...." I sit at my desk unsure what to do. "Uhh...."
"What is it?" I look to see Fuyuki glancing at me from his desk.
"What are we supposed to do? I mean it is way to early to start anything for the article..."
"Well I have tons of work to do for other articles....." He sighs. "How about do some research for us? Find places that have discriminated against same sexed couples so we can go there on pretend dates?"
"Good idea!" I turn my computer on and get to researching.
I hear a chuckle and look up to see Fuyuki gazing at me. "Sorry, you just got all excited and into researching..." I blush as he gazes at me. I can't stop the memory of his lips against mine from entering my mind....The scariest thought? To be honest.... I didn't entirely hate it.....
...
The work day ends with nothing overly exciting happening. Fuyuki sat at his desk typing on his computer, writing notes and making phone calls for his other articles. Where as I sat at my desk trying to research areas for our 'fake' dates but my mind cant stop thinking about him.
I didn't mean to, but my eyes would keep glancing over to his desk...He looks so serious working, unlike when he is relaxing while partying and getting drunk. I closed my eyes and I can almost feel his lips pressed against mine. Why can't I stop thinking about it? Did I really enjoy it that much?
That is what I did and thought most the day....I am so confused right now it isn't even funny.
We left work together and we arrive at my place. I take my keys out and insert them in the lock to find the door is already unlocked.
"We locked this when we left right?" I ask a little uneasy.
"I saw you lock it..." Fuyuki whispers from beside me.
I take a nervous gulp as my hand shakily grasps the handle. I glance to Fuyuki and he looks at me and nods his head. I throw open the front door to see something I really don't want to.
"Minoru! Your finally home!"
My face pales.... "Kiki....." I whisper. "What the hell are you doing here......"
... 










Kiki
"Minoru! Your finally home!"
My face pales.... "Kiki....." I whisper. "What the hell are you doing here......"
"Don't be like that...." A young girl with long deep purple hair stands there with her hands on her hips. A pout forms on her lips as she glares at me with her pale light blue eyes.
I stand frozen in my doorway. "How the hell did you get inside?!"
"With this!" She grins as she raises her hand. Dangling from her finger on a key ring is my house key.
"Give that back and get the hell out of here!" I yell in frustration.
"Minoru....who is this?" Fuyuki's deep voice asks from behind me. I look to see him looking back and forth between me and Kiki. "You two look so much alike..." 
"Well I guess we would...." I grumble out. "She is my sister...." I look back to Kiki and her eyes are wide as she gazes at Fuyuki.
"Who are you...." She whispers in awe.
I walk through my living room and throw my work bag on the kitchen counter.
"Uhh...Fuyuki Shido..." I hear him say awkwardly.
"I'm Kiki. Kiki Urihara..." She smiles up at him. I watch him give her a smile in return and her face blushes pink. This only makes me even more annoyed.
"KIKI...." She turns her gaze away from Fuyuki and to me. 
"WHAT!" She snaps back. 
"Why the fuck are you here!"
"To see my big brother...." she answers innocently as she twirls her purple hair around her finger and gazes back at Fuyuki.
"Bullshit!" I hiss at her....if you haven't guessed yet, me and her don't get along...AT ALL. I love her of course, she is my sister and if anyone hurt her, well I would be pissed. However we can't be in the same room together without getting upset and arguing. "THEY sent you...." I growl out.
She shrugs her shoulders ignoring me and smiles sweetly up at Fuyuki. He stands there awkwardly not knowing what he should do.
"Are you and my brother room mates?"
"Guess you could say that..." he lightly chuckles. Kiki glances at Fuyuki's luggage bags against the wall out of the way.
"Where do you sleep?" She asks softly as she reaches out and places her hand on his arm.
"Uhh....here." He points to the couch, his body tenses from her movement.
"Why don't you sleep in the second bedroom?"
"KIKI!!!!" I yell once again. I look to Fuyuki and my blue eyes meet his green ones. I turn my gaze, and walk silently through the living room and into my bedroom where I slam the door shut behind me. 
Leaning my back against the now closed door I let my body slide down it until I am sitting on the soft carpet. A sigh escapes my lips as I raise my hands and run them through my hair. 
I hear a knock on my door but I remain silent. "Minoru?" It's Fuyuki's voice calling out to me. "Please talk to me...." He whispers.
"Why?" I suddenly whisper in reply through the door.
"Can I come in?" My heart races at the thought of him being in my room....last time he was he kissed me....I remain silent and he speaks up in a commanding tone. "I'm coming in..." 
I feel my door open as I am still sitting on the floor leaning against it. 
"Omph!" I groan out as my body falls backwards onto the carpet. I find myself now laying on my back staring up at Fuyuki. "Please say she left....." I beg with my voice.
"NOPE! I am still here!" I hear her voice giggle out from the living room.
"Fuck me...." I mutter under my breath as I lay there half in my room and half in the hallway. I close my eyes shut in frustration.
I suddenly feel a warm hand on mine as my eyes shoot open wide. I feel my face blush red as Fuyuki pulls my body up from the floor and I now stand before him.
"So I am guessing you and your sister don't get along...." He laughs out.
"We get along as good as fire and ice...." I mutter. 
I stand there nervously trying to calm my racing heart as I watch Fuyuki walk over to my door and he painfully slowly shuts it. My palms start to sweat as memories of his lips pressed against mine enter my mind once more.
"You ok?" He walks up to me and I lower my gaze. "Minoru....." His voice is soft and sweet I find my head raising on its own and I gaze up into his gorgeous green eyes. "You want to talk about it?" I can't seem to look away from his green eyes as my face starts to heat up from my blush. For a brief moment I catch Fuyuki's eyes glance down towards my lips. I watch as he bites his lower lip then meets my gaze once more. "If you want to be alone I will leave..." 
He takes a step away from me as I mumble to myself. "I will always be alone..."
"What?" Fuyuki stops and turns to me.
"Nothing....." I watch him walk to my door and he slowly opens it. I collapse onto my bed as he exits my room. I lay backwards and stare at my ceiling.
I know why Kiki is here....they sent her here to see me. They hate me being alone and not married at my age of 27. To them I should have a wife...kids.....That thought alone pains my heart. I sit up and walk towards my desk in my bedroom. I pull open the top drawer and pull out a folder. Opening the folder my eyes gaze at the news paper articles.
I slam the folder shut and place it on top of my desk then turn and leave my bedroom, before the tears can fall from my eyes 
...
I stand in the kitchen as I make dinner for not two or us tonight...no three of us. I can't stop glaring at Kiki as she sits on the couch beside Fuyuki.
"How old are you Fuyuki....." She scoots the tiniest bit closer to him with each question.
"24...." He notices her getting closer and he scoots over to keep space between them. "Uhhh and you Kiki?"
"I am 16...." She bats her eyelashes up at him. I groan in annoyance as I continue cooking.
When I look at them again I see Fuyuki's back is now pressed against the arm rest of the couch as Kiki is right next to him. "Fuyuki.....are you single?"
I drop the utensil I was holding as my eyes look to my younger sister.
"Uhh.....yah..." Fuyuki mutters. He clears his throat. "16 huh? So your still just a kid..."
I watch as Kiki rests her hand on his arm and giggles. "Your so funny...." She lays her head against him when he jumps up from the couch.
"Kiki look.....I uhh....." I hear the panic in his voice so I decide to help him out.
"Kiki, he is not into you..." I sigh out annoyed.
"Shut up Minoru!" She pouts at me. "How would you know...."
A laugh escapes my lips. "Simply because Fuyuki is...." I slam my lips shut as my eyes go wide. I just came this close to blurting out he is gay....
"Minoru?" I look and my eyes meet his, I see a look cross his face. "I'm what?" He asks me in a whisper as he walks over and sits on a bar stool at the kitchen counter and gazes at me.
I can't look at him as I turn away. Then I change the subject. "Kiki how long are you staying here?" I sigh out.
"Couple days at the most...."
I groan at the thought of her hanging out here.....Suddenly her phone rings. "Can I take this in your room?" She asks me as I nod my head. The sound of my bedroom door opening and closing echoes through my ears. 
Still facing away from Fuyuki I never once heard him stand up or walk up behind me.
"I'm what?" I jump as his deep voice whispers into my ear. Spinning around my eyes are wide as he is right there. "What were you going to say?" He asks me again.
"I....." I close my mouth and take a nervous gulp. I can't help my eyes as they look down and gaze at his lips.
Fuyuki notices this and I feel his fingers brush against mine. "Minoru....." he gazes into my blue eyes. He smiles at me. "I am going to call you Mino from now on...." That is what he said to me when he kissed me.
"FfffFuyuki...." His fingers keep gently touching mine.
"Remember the first day in the cafe....I told you I am the type of guy who gets what he wants..." I nod my head. "Good...just remember that...."
"What do you really want?" I let slip out as my breathing grows ragged. 
"You know the truth don't you....that's what you were going to say...." I remain silent. "I have been doing my best to hold back and not let you learn who the real me is..." He raises his hand and his fingers now brush along my cheek. My body starts to shake under his gaze. "I did something while I was drunk last night didn't I? Ever since this morning you have been acting so jumpy around me. What did I do?"
I shake my head unable to speak out.
"Mino....You know the truth...."
"Yes....." I manage to whisper out to him.
"Say it, I want to hear you say it...."
"Fuyuki Shido...." He gazes at me. "I know your gay...." I whisper out.
...
More of Kiki yet to come...
Kiki is thanks to Duck2222 


Blazing Night In Osaka
Fuyuki's PoV
I stand before Minoru as my fingers gently graze along his hand. "Remember the first day in the cafe....I told you I am the type of guy who gets what he wants..." Minoru nervously nods his head as he gazes into my eyes. "Good...just remember that...."
"What do you really want?" His breathing grows ragged. He has no idea how crazy he drives me does he...
"You know the truth don't you....that's what you were going to say...." He stands there silently looking at me. "I have been doing my best to hold back and not let you learn who the real me is..." Unable to control myself my hand raises to his face and my fingers glide against his soft skin. I feel his body start to shake and that only turns me on even more. "I did something while I was drunk last night didn't I? Ever since this morning you have been acting so jumpy around me. What did I do?"
He shakes his head no but I know he is lying. I did or said something to cause him to act this way around me.
"Mino....You know the truth...."
"Yes....." 
My heart pounds as my own breathing grows heavy, "Say it, I want to hear you say it...."
"Fuyuki Shido...." His gaze never leaves mine as he whispers out "I know your gay...." 
I stand there silently then ask out. "How do you know?"
He takes a deep gulp. "You told me...."
"What else did I do?"
"Nnnnothing." his voice trembles and his cheeks burn bright red. 
"Has anyone ever told you, that you are a terrible liar..." I chuckle out. I step away from him and walk back to the bar stool and sit down. "Did I come onto you?" I see his cheeks turn an even darker shade of red. I sigh as I place my head in my hands. "Sorry...." I mutter out.
"You were drunk..." He quickly says to cover up both our embarrassment. "Not like you knew what you were doing...." I hear the panic rising in his voice as I raise my eyes to look at him. "I bet if it was any other guy in front of you....it would have been the same....."
Oh how wrong he is.... "Yah...your right...." I smile at him. "Well....as you said I was drunk...I meant nothing by it....we cool? Or is this whole project going to be too awkward for you now...I meant what I said from the start, everything I will do and say in public will be fake....that doesn't change, even though the fact I really am into guys....That has nothing to do with this. This is for work, and I am still going to treat it professionally."
"Me to...." he whispers.
A sigh of relief escapes my lips. "But we have a problem...." He looks to me as he stirs the pot of dinner on the stove. "Your little sister....."
"Yah...." I hear the anger in his voice. "Seems she has a little school girl crush on you..." Then an evil type grin forms on his lips. I have never seen that look on his face before and man is it sexy. "Though once she learns we are 'dating'" he air quotes. My eyes grow wide at this new side of Minoru.
"Your cruel..." I chuckle out.
"Her fault for barging her way in here....." his voice is cold and icy.
Can he get any hotter? Fuck stop thinking this....I can't get more attracted to him then I already am...
...
That night I lay on Minoru's couch as my eyes are wide opened staring at the ceiling. I turn my head the tiniest and there sleeping in one of the lounge chairs is Minoru. He reclined the back and has a blanket over his body.
Once he found out his sister Kiki was staying here for a couple of days she said she would sleep in the living room. His face turned bright red as he said absolutely no way and forced her to take his bed. I offered his couch to him, he only shook his head saying I am too tall for the couch as it was. How I would be even more uncomfortable on the lounge chair.
I watch him turn over and his face is now towards me. His eyes are closed and he looks so peaceful. However while moving his blanket slips off and falls off of him. My eyes can't leave the sight of his bare chest. He isn't overly muscular...but he has an amazing toned body and arms. My eyes move down his body towards his pants and I can only just imagine what he looks like...
"Fuck...." I push those dirty thoughts from my mind as I stand up and walk over to him. I pick up his blanket and re place it over his sleeping body. His purple hair falls across his face as I reach out and brush it from his face with my fingers. 
Laying back on the couch I can't get my mind off him. "Mino..." I whisper my nickname for him as I drift off to sleep.
...
It has been a couple days now already since Kiki surprised her brother with a visit. Yet she makes no plan to leave any time soon. Minoru is getting pissed off, that is clear to see.
I sit on the couch looking over research for my upcoming due articles for the newspaper. I reach my hand up to my hair and pull the tie loose and let my long brown hair fall onto my shoulders. I feel eyes on me as I glance over towards the kitchen. Standing there staring at me is Minoru. I see a faint blush cross his cheeks as he turns back to his cooking. I can't stop the smile from appearing on my lips from knowing he was watching me. 
Leaving my hair down I stand from the couch and stretch out. "It's quiet tonight..."
"Well yah because Kiki isn't here hitting on you every 2 seconds....." Minoru mutters out.
"Why does it bother you so much when she hits on me?" I ask as I glance at him. He is looking away from me but I can imagine his face is a deep shade of red. Kiki's friends asked her to hang out for dinner and sleepover at their place, so tonight it is just us two.
"It doesn't........I just think its annoying is all...."
"How has the researching going for our fake date spots?" I ask curious. "Sorry I haven't had much time to help with that..."
"Your busy..it's fine. I have them in my room if you want to have a look..."
"May I?" 
"Yah...they are in a folder on my desk...feel free to go get it."
"Thanks...." I walk across the living room and down to the hall.
I freeze momentarily as I pass the second bedroom. "What is in there....." It is driving me nuts not knowing. I shake my head as I enter his bedroom. Last time I was in here I came so close to kissing him....that was the night Kiki first arrived. I remember glancing down at his lips, I had to bite my own lower lip to stop myself.
"Folder....folder..." I see a folder on his desk like he said and grab it and open it up. "This is....." My eyes glance over the folder filled not of his researching but of different newspaper clippings. I flip through them and I notice they are all about this one incident that happened maybe 7 months ago now. My hand stops as I see the article I wrote.
BLAZING NIGHT IN OSAKA
The city of Osaka has had it shares of crimes and tragedies. But last night at 11:48pm the most heartbreaking one occurred.
Police are still investigating whether it was an accident or arson. 
The dark sky glowed red and orange that night as the clear air was filled with thick dark smoke. A crowd of neighbors gathered around as they watched the fire fighters try to put out the building that was on fire. Sirens rang out through the night as they mixed with the cries and tears of those who watched the building burn.
In the end 12 survivors got out with only some scratches.
5 survivors were rushed to the hospital with serious burns and life threatening wounds.
Then there was 8 who lost their lives that night. Who were unable to escape the trapped building in time.
The citizens of Osaka all joined together to donate money and help to rebuild the building that now was only a pile of ash.
The entire city went into mourning for those 8 poor souls who's lives were taken far to early in life. One of those eight was 46 year old Mr Nagia the owner and founder of the building itself.
The other seven who lost their lives where a small group of the orphans who lived there in the Orphanage of Osaka.....
I slam the folder shut and gaze at it. That article was the hardest one I have ever written. It goes on with me interviewing the other staff and some of the older kids at the orphanage who survived.
"Thank you for writing that...." I jump at the sound of his voice. I spin around and see Minoru standing there a sad look on his face. "Your article was my favourite..." He walks over and takes the folder from my hands. "The others...." he flips it opened and goes back to the one I wrote. "They didn't capture the hardness of it in their writing like you did...."
"I...." I don't know what to say. "Sorry....I thought that was the folder you meant...."
"I am not mad....." I watch as he opens his desk drawer and places the folder inside it. "I left it out....besides you wrote it, you know what it says...." I watch him pick up another folder and he turns to me with a smile on his face to hide the pained look he held moments before. "This is the one." 
"Why do you have all those articles about that fire?" I can't stop myself from asking.
"It doesn't matter anymore..." He whispers.  "It's in the past...dinner is ready..." He whispers as he holds out the folder to me. I take it in my hands and watch him leave his bedroom.
Knowing my unanswered questions wont be answered I turn and follow him from his room.
...


Family Issues
Sitting at the table Fuyuki and I eat the dinner I cooked in silence. I know he is wondering about those articles. I sigh out as I take another bite. I feel eyes on me and I look to see Fuyuki's green eyes watching me silently.
"Sorry...." He mumbles under his breath as he takes another bite of his dinner. "This is really good...you should really consider being a chef...or a baker...or both." He smiles at me.
"Well if I can't make it as a top rated reporter like you I will consider it." I laugh out.
"What made you want to get into reporting?" He asks me.
I shrug my shoulders. "I don't know...guess I just always loved people knowing the truth behind things you know..."
"Yah I get that..."
"Is that why you got into reporting?" I gaze at him.
"No....that just kind of grew on me after awhile. I never even considered reporting as a kid. I just needed a last elective in school to be able to graduate and I went into the journalism. Before I know it I was running the school paper, I won a contest and my article was posted in my towns newspaper. Then after graduating I got a job at the newspaper and it all just kinda escalated from there..."
"Well your living my dream..." I laugh out dryly.
"Hey with this huge article...you will get there." he smiles at me, which causes me to feel funny.
Did seeing him smile at me just give me butterflies in my stomach......I groan at this thought. I am in trouble...
...
The following day I arrive home after work earlier then Fuyuki. As I enter my place the TV is blaring loud.
"KIKI!!!!" I yell her name and she bounces towards me.
"Where's Fuyuki?" She smiles at me.
"Nice to see you too...." I grumble as I storm passed her, I enter the living room and grab the remote and turn down the sound. "Not so loud...." I toss the remote on the couch. I glance to the kitchen and my eyes go wide. 
"I got hungry...so I made a snack." She whispers. 
My hands are in fists as my whole body shakes in anger. The kitchen looks like a battle field. There is stuff everywhere! I face her and very slowly through gritted teeth speak out.
"GO....CLEAN........RIGHT......NOW......"
"After my show!" She smiles as she flops on the couch.
Oh god I am going to kill my own sister......
"GO HOME!" I yell out.
"No not yet...."
"And why the hell not!!!"
"Mom and dad want to know why you never showed last week...."
"So that's the real reason your here....They sent you to see if I met someone."
"I did miss you too you know...."
"Yah I am sure....."
"So did you meet someone?"
I grin at that question. "Yah I met someone..."
"Who is it!" She is all excited to know.
I remain silent as I hear the front door open. I grin even bigger as I start to walk towards the entrance. She made my house a mess....has pissed me off since arriving....lets see how she likes this.
"Yuki...welcome home!" I smile as I see Fuyuki enter the living room.
I see the confusion in his green eyes. "Wha...."
I cut him off by placing my arms around his neck. Then before I lose all my courage to do this I pull him down towards me and break rule number 1. I slam my lips against his and roughly kiss him.
His body was tense at first then I feel him wrap his arms around my waist as he roughly kisses me in return.
I am not gay...but yet this feels so amazing.
"WHAT!!!" Kiki yells out causing Fuyuki to pull away in shock. His breathing is heavy as he looks from me to my sister then back to me. "You and Fuyuki!!!" She cries out. "Mom and dad won't be happy to learn you skipped out on meeting the Matchmakers to date some guy!" She huffs in anger. 
I try and hold in my laugh as she pushes me out of her way and storms from my place. However once I turn around and see Fuyuki's face my smile drops. The guilt suddenly hits me.
"Fuyuki...I.......I'm sorry...."
"It's fine..." He whispers. He goes to leave my place when I grab his hand.
"Please I...." I knew that kiss meant so much more to him then it did me. "I broke the rule.....I..."
"Just forget about it......" he sighs out as he goes and puts his shoes back on. Then he freezes, he turns to look at me then lashes out. "You could have gave me a bloody heads up or something! Why the hell didn't you just kiss me on the bloody cheek!"
"I.....Kiki wouldn't have believed that...." I whisper sadly.
"So you thought it was alright to just play around with my damned feelings?" He walks towards me and I stumble backwards.
"No...I......."
"No you just thought Fuyuki is gay he wont mind if I simply kiss him......"
"I'm sorry......" My back suddenly hits the wall and I stare at him with wide eyes as he places a hand on either side of my head. "I shouldn't have done that...." I whisper.
"Answer me one question...." He moves in closer and bends down so his face is right before mine. "Did you enjoy it?"
My eyes grow wide. "What!" I gasp out.
"When you kissed me......." his hands suddenly cup my face. "Did you enjoy it......."
"........" I remain silent unsure what to say. Then I whisper out, "I like girls....."
"Just because your into girls doesn't mean you don't enjoy the touch or kiss of a man." He leans in closer. "Did you enjoy it?"
"I.....didn't dislike it....." I whisper so quietly that I hardly even heard myself say it.
Suddenly his lips are on mine, and his kiss took my breath away. His tongue glides across my lower lip and I hesitate for a moment before allowing him to enter. 
I know this is so wrong.....but damn....Fuyuki Shido is the best kisser....
Our tongues massage against one another and it sends shivers through my body. He moves his hands so one is on the back of my head in my purple hair while his other glides down my body and wraps around my waist pulling me in closer to him. He removes his tongue and takes my bottom lip in his teeth and softly bites it.
A small whimper escapes my lips as he gently kisses my lips one last time then pulls away. Both of our breathing is heavy and I gaze at him in confusion.
"You know....." He smiles at me as he untangles his hand from my hair and glides his fingers across my cheek once more. "I know your into girls....but....have you considered the possibility that you may be bisexual...."
"uh....I....."
"Are you attracted to me?" He whispers into my ear which sends shivers through my body.
I shove him away from me. "I am not bisexual..."
"Really?" He smirks at me. "You sure seemed to enjoy that kiss....." 
My face flushes bright red. "I am not bi...." I whisper quietly.
"I will let you continue to think that for now......" He whispers as he reenters the living room leaving me there stunned. "What the hell happened in your kitchen...." I hear him ask our shocked.
I sigh and follow after him, "My little sister happened..."
He looks to me then bursts out laughing.... "Ok....it makes so much more sense now why you kissed me like that when you did. You were pissed at her for making a mess!!!" He laughs so hard that he has to clutch his sides. "Oh man that is too perfect."
"Shut up will you..." I grumble as I enter the mess of a kitchen. "Honestly though...how does one person make this big of a mess only making a fucking snack!" I groan in frustration. "Dinner is going to be so late after cleaning up her mess....."
"How about this..." I look up at Fuyuki. "Let's leave the mess until later......go out to dinner with me?" 
"Sure...sounds good." I say as I exit the kitchen.
"Really?" He looks at me stunned.
"Yah...I am starving...." I say as I walk to the hall and grab my coat and scarf. "Where you want to go?" I casually ask him.
"How about Ramen..." I look to him and we both smile.
"Ramen it is...."
And we both leave the house. Though I still can't stop thinking about his kiss.....I glance up at his side profile as we walk...am I attracted to him? I know I am into girls....I thought about asking Cho out for so long....I glance at him again and he meets my gaze this time and I get butterflies in my stomach once more. I turn away blushing. Could I really be bisexual?
...


First Dates Never End Well
Fuyuki's PoV
Fuck...when Mino kissed me like that...I groan just thinking about it. The way I kissed him...Damn that was even hotter...he hesitated only for a moment before allowing my tongue to enter his mouth and massage against his.....
Fuck Shido.....calm down.....I glance towards Mino as we walk and I see him gazing at me. I watch him quickly look away as he blushes.
Fuck.....stop being so incredibly cute....Damn for someone who is 3 years older then me, he doesn't even realize the results he causes with such simple actions.
I grin to myself as I realize Mino is bisexual and he just never realized it. Knowing that must be on his mind makes me happy. He is considering the possibility of being attracted to me.
A cold wind blows around us as we walk side by side towards the Ramen shop. Glancing to Mino I watch as he tightens his scarf. He really hates the cold, he is so cute. Taking a deep breath I reach my hand out and gently take his hand in mine.
I look to him and his face blushes a deep shade of pink. "Fuyuki..." He whispers my name as he glances at me.
"For the article....we need to start pretending to date..." I smile at him. "Besides Kiki thinks we are dating now....so the worst it out of the way right? Now to just get strangers to think it and then everyone at work." I watch as he nervously looks to our hands and he nods his head.
"For the article..." He whispers. "It means nothing...."
I feel a stabbing pain in my heart. "Exactly..." I whisper back as we continue walking.
Walking passed the park Mino stops and gazes at the frozen playground. 
"Daddy catch me!" I little boy cries out as he slides down the snow covered slide. The father catches him at the bottom and they both smile and laugh.
I look to see Mino's face looking the same he did when I found the folder of articles.
"Mino?" I whisper his name. He turns his gaze to me. "Did you know one of the kids in the orphanage?" I shouldn't have asked him that...I know that, but I couldn't stop myself.
"No...." He whispers as he turns away from the park and continues walking. I match my footsteps to walk beside him as we still hold each others hands.
"Sorry I shouldn't have asked...sometimes the reporter side in me just cant stop you know...." I mutter a lame apology.
"It's fine....like I said it was in the past..." He gives me a smile but I see it was forced.
"Well if you ever want to talk about it....I am always here...." I offer as we arrive at the Ramen shop. I open the door and he walk inside.
"Thanks Fuyuki...." He whispers as we take a seat and order our food.
...
The waitress brings us our orders then walks away as we start to eat.
"Can I ask something?"
"Depends on what you ask..." He smiles at me.
"It's something Kiki said before she stormed out...."
"Oh the part about the matchmaker?" I watch him sigh as he stares at his steaming bowl of ramen.
"Yah...about that....Are you planning to do that?" I ask curious but I try to play it off as a casual question.
"No...I never wanted to...My parents think something is wrong with me."
"Why?"
"I am 27 years old...single, living alone and no kids...to them that is terrible. They believe I should be married and onto my second of third kid my now." He mutters.
"So when Kiki tells them about me...."
"Yah they won't be happy...."
"Sorry...."
"It's fine." He smiles at me. "I said yes to this knowing full well what would happen."
"Have you just not met that perfect girl yet?" I suddenly ask. Though I wish I didn't as I am kind of afraid to hear his answer.
He shrugs his shoulders. "Guess not...for awhile I thought that maybe Cho and I could work...but I just never asked her out...and now she thinks I am gay..." He laughs. "So there is zero chance at that now." He looks at me from across the table. "I can't stop thinking about what you said..."
I gaze at him as we both take a bite of our ramen.
"What if that is why I never met the right girl...I can be attracted to girls yet....but what if that special someone for me isn't a girl...." I see the confusion running through his blue eyes. "I have always been open about same sexed relationships...the thought never bothered me...but then again I never considered the fact that I might be......." He can't finish the sentence.
"It doesn't matter if your gay, straight or bi...." I whisper out. "All that matters is if you find that one person who you want to spend your life with....I thought I had that...I was wrong...."
"If you ask me Dannie was pretty stupid to give you up...." I hear him whisper from across the table. "You will find someone even better then him." Mino smiles at me and my heart races. Fuck he is giving me that smile again that makes all the girls love him.
"Thanks..." I whisper. 
...
Finished eating we head to his place when he pauses. "Go on ahead with out me.." He suddenly speaks up.
"Why?" I ask him as we hold hands firmly walking together.
"I need to run to the store to get some things....I wont be long."
"I can come with you..." I offer.
"No its fine..."
"Ok....." We let go of each others hands and I already miss the feeling of his in mine as he starts to walk away.
Sighing I make my way to his place.
Entering his door I hear noises inside and I walk in to see Kiki in the kitchen cleaning her mess up. She freezes as her eyes raise and see me.
"Fuyuki!" She gasps out as her cheeks turn pink..."Uhh guess I need to apologize for how I acted with you huh?" She smiles at me.
"Sorry about that....We should have told you from the beginning....your brother was just unsure how to tell his family is all...."
"Well I won't lie...knowing my brother is gay is a huge shock."
"He isn't gay...." I quickly blurt out. "I mean to say he is bisexual....big difference." I whisper.
"And you?" She looks to me.
"No....I am very much gay....sorry."
"So you two are more then just temporary room mates huh?" She chuckles. "He really needs to get moving on clearing out that spare room for you...."
"You know whats in there?" I ask shocked.
"Of course, he is my brother after all....we may not get along very well....but I care about him to know what happens in his life." Listening to Kiki is like talking to a whole new person now. "You have no idea what my brother is hiding in that room do you?" I shake my head no. She sighs and her facial expression turns sad. "He can't get himself move on from his past."
"Whats..." I stop myself from asking.
"Go look....You honestly deserve to know if your dating him....He should have told you."
"I can't do that....I promised him to never open that door."
"Well what if I opened the door?" Did he say you can't look if the door is opened?"
"I can't do that....." I whisper.
"The reporter side of you is dying to know what is behind that door....to know what deep dark secret he is hiding away...."
"Yes......" I nod my head.
"Then go look....."
"Does it have anything to do with that Orphanage that burnt down...." I suddenly blurt out.
I watch her emotions play across her face. "Honestly Fuyuki, go look for yourself." She finishes cleaning the kitchen and grabs her bags from Mino's room. "Tell my brother I say sorry...and that I love him." She whispers and I nod my head.
"I will...."
"I wish you two the best...." She smiles at me. "Time for me to go home.....bye." She waves then exits the place leaving me more curious then I started with.
I keep glancing towards the main entrance and Mino is still not back from the store.
"Fuck...." I whisper as I stand before the door to the spare bedroom. I reach my hand out and place it on the door handle. "Just one little peek inside..." I whisper as I slowly turn the handle and the door clicks opened. I take a deep breath as I push the door opened and I see a light switch on the wall inside and I flick it on.
My eyes grow wide as I stare around the room. "Mino....." I whisper out his name as I can't quite believe what I am seeing.
"Fuyuki?" I suddenly hear my name being called.
"Shit...." I go to turn the light off and shut the door but when I turn around I find myself face to face with Minoru. "Minoru....I......let me explain....."
"How could you!" He yells out. I see tears already forming in his eyes. "I trusted you....You promised....."
"Mino....please!"
"Stop fucking calling me that!" He yells as he slaps away my hand that reaches out to him. "Stay the fuck away from me!" He runs down the hall and I chase after him.
"Minoru....please.....I..."
"FUCK YOU!" He screams out pained. "GO TO HELL!" Then he throws open the front door and slams it shut behind him.
I stand there frozen in my place. "What did I just do...." I whisper out as I quickly rush from the apartment in hopes of catching up with him. 
...


Rei Urihara?
"I can't believe he did that..." I mutter angrily under my breath as my feet crunch through the snowy sidewalk.
I am so pissed off.
I find myself outside of a bar. Pushing open the door I enter and take a glance around before walking to the bar counter and sitting on a bar stool.
"What can I get for you?" The bartender asks me, as he stands before me.
"A beer....and keep them coming.." I mutter as I stare at the counter.
"You got it...." The bartender says as he places my first beer before me.
Raising the cup to my lips I chug half of it in one drink. I place it down as my phone starts to ring. I see its Fuyuki and I turn my cell onto silent. He tries texting me saying he is sorry...I've had enough as I turn my phone right off.
...
Hours later I find myself stumbling down the winter streets heading home. I can hardly walk straight as my mind can't even focus.
Somehow by sheer luck I manage to arrive at my place in one peace and unlock the doors. Opening my main entrance the apartment is silent. I walk into the living room stumbling into the wall as I go. Fuyuki is no where to be seen and a sigh of relief escapes my lips. I turn towards my bedroom to sleep when I stop in front of the second bedroom.
I know I shouldn't but I open the door and throw it opened. Turning the light on I stare around the room.
The walls are the same beige colour as the rest of the apartment. It has the same cream coloured carpet as well. Against the far wall is a bed with pink bed sheets and a pink quilt. Shelves line the walls with girl toys and stuffed animals. Against the other wall is a toy chest and a little kids plastic table and chair set with paper and crayons on it for drawing.
Entering the room I now stand in the middle and look all around me. My chest tightens as I close my eyes. Opening them tears fall from my blue eyes. On the walls some little girly decorations are hung up. While on the other wall in big bright pink letter her name is spelled out.
REI
"Rei" I whisper her name. I walk over to the closet and open the doors. Inside is filled with little girl dresses and skirts. 
My sadness turns to regret and anger as I grab the clothes in my hand and throw onto the floor. I walk to the dressers and open them up throwing more clothes on the floor. Toys on the shelves get thrown across the room as the little drawing table now lays upside down. I stand there my breathing heavy as I collapse to the floor. My pain is so strong I stand up and walk towards the little book shelf filled of children books and stuffed animals. I grab the unit and push it so the whole thing falls forward causing books to fly everywhere.
"MINORU STOP!" I feel strong arms wrap around my body from behind. My body trembles as I glance around the room and I see the damage I caused. More tears flow down my face as my legs give out and I collapse to the floor with Fuyuki. "I was looking everywhere for you....I went to the bar and the bartender told me you left not long ago completely drunk." I hear him whispering in my ear. "I never should have opened this door....this is all my fault."
"No..it's my fault...." I whisper.
"Who is Rei?"
"I was so close to finally not being alone anymore....."
"Minoru...." Fuyuki turns me around so I am facing him and he cups my face in his hands, "Your not alone now...you have me...Who is Rei?"
"Rei Urihara...was my Daughter..."
"Your Daughter!" I hear the shock in his voice as he still holds me tightly in his arms.
"The day I first met her I knew instantly she was perfect for me.....She was wearing a pink and white sweater that had animal ears sticking out of the hood. She was carrying this orange stuffed cat. Her blonde hair was beautiful and she had the biggest brightest blue eyes......"
"She was an orphan..." Fuyuki whispers.
"I went to the orphanage to make a donation and to talk to Mr Nagia about wanting to adopt a child....I have always wanted to be a father...." I glance around the destroyed room again. "Rei saw me walking with Mr Nagia and she ran up to me giggling and laughing. She wanted to introduce me to her stuffed cat....She told me her name was Rei and she was 5 years old. I told Mr Nagia I wished to adopt her, once she ran off to play with the other children. I returned to the orphanage many times after that to visit with Rei...I wanted her to get used to me...I was already filling out the forms to adopt her. The day the adoption went through Rei asked me if I was her new Daddy....I said yes....she hugged me tightly saying she loved me. I told her that I would come for her in the morning to bring her home with me....." My voice trails off.
"Minoru....."
"I should have brought her home right then with me....if I knew.....I could have saved her........"
"It's not your fault....." Fuyuki whispers into my ear. "No one could have known that fire was going to happen....."
"I lost my daughter that night...She never even got to see her room..........She never got to live a life........"
"Shhh...." I clutch onto Fuyuki's shirt as I cry into his chest. "I'm here for you....just let it out..." His big warm hands hold me close and soothingly rub up and down my back.
"I need to move on....I know I do....but I just....cant.......When I read your article.....the way you wrote it....it brought tears to my eyes....You captured all of my pain in your words..."
"That was the hardest article I ever wrote....If I knew you back then....If I knew Rei was......I don't know if I could have written it...." I feel Fuyuki move his body as he stands up. "Come on.....lets get you out of this room....." He pulls my body up and he guides me from the destroyed room and into my bedroom. "You drank way to much.....you stink of beer."
He sits me on my bed and he stands there awkwardly. "night...get some sleep..." 
He goes to leave when I grasp his hand in mine. "Stay...please."
"I shouldn't...."
I pull him down so he sits beside me. "I don't want to be alone...."
"Your not alone...." Fuyuki suddenly cups my face in his hands once more. "You will never be alone...I won't allow that." He leans in close to me. "Can I break another rule just one last time..." He whispers before pressing his lips against mine.
My eyes close and I feel him pull away. I reach out and wrap my arms around his neck and pull his lips back to meet mine once more. He instantly wraps his arms around my body and pulls me in closer to him. This time it is me begging for entrance with my tongue on his lips. He lets me in with no second thought about it. Our tongues massage one another as his hands tighten on my body.
I start to run my hands up and down his chest. I then grasp his shirt in my hands and pull it up his body. Our kiss breaks apart for a moment as I pull his shirt over his head. 
Fuyuki gazes at me with longing all over his face. I run my hands now over his muscular chest and he inhales a sharp breath from my touch. He makes quick work of grabbing my shirt and pulling it off my body then captures my lips in another passionate kiss. His hands roam my body and god his touch feels amazing.
His desire takes over as he shoves me backwards onto my back and climbs above me. "I want you so badly....." He whispers to me as he kisses me roughly. "I want to make you mine...and all mine...you asked me what it is I really want in my life. That answer is simple...I want you and all of you."
However just as quickly as he shoved me down he jumps off of me and my bed. I sit up confused as I stare at him.
"I can't do this...." He whispers. "I can't do this when your drunk.....your not thinking clearly...and if we take this any further....you will regret it in the morning. I know this isn't what you want....your drunk and hurt. I can't...."
"Fuyuki please...I want you too....." I whisper.
"That isn't you asking.....that's the alcohol.....Trust me Minoru, I want you so badly...but I want it to be you asking me....." I watch as he bends down and grabs his shirt and leaves for the door. "If you truly want this....then ask me for it when your not drunk...you do that and I won't hold myself back...." He whispers and opens my bedroom door. "Good night......" He shuts it and I collapse backwards onto my bed. I lay there for about a minute thinking of nothing but Fuyuki before I pass out.
...


Hidden Feelings
"Ugh...." I roll over on my bed groaning. My head is pounding with an insane headache. I open my eyes only for the brightness in my room to make me squeeze them shut once more. "Fuck..." I mutter as I force myself to sit up.
It has been forever since I drank so much to have this bad of a hangover. I glance down at myself to see I am shirtless but still with my jeans from yesterday. I bend my head down and hold my head in my hands. I think about last night and what happened.... "Fuck...." I curse a second time.
I remember everything.....I remember Fuyuki going into Rei's room. Being so angry and pissed I got drunk at the bar and came home. I remember destroying her room in my drunken anger.
"Fuyuki..." I whisper his name.
He stopped me and held me close. Still holding my head in my hands I close my eyes and I can feel his warmth as he hugged me from behind. The warmth in his hands as he lead me to my bedroom. I begged him to stay with me.....He cupped my face and kissed me so softly.
I feel my cheeks burn red as I recall myself wrapping my arms around his neck and deepening the kiss. I was the one to beg entrance into his mouth with my tongue....I was the one who pulled his shirt off before he removed mine. He stopped himself from taking it any further after pushing me down onto my bed. But I was the one who begged him to continue......
I remember his hands on my body....his lips against mine...I wanted him to take me then and there.... My face burns an even deeper shade of red....I remember Fuyuki saying it was the alcohol talking....oh how wrong he was....
I grip my purple hair in my hands.... "Do I?" I shake my head as I push the thought from my mind.... "No I can't.....he is a guy...."
"I want to make you mine...and all mine...you asked me what it is I really want in my life. That answer is simple...I want you and all of you."
His voice rings through my mind.
"I can't do this....I can't do this when your drunk.....your not thinking clearly...and if we take this any further....you will regret it in the morning. I know this isn't what you want....your drunk and hurt. I can't...."
"Fuyuki please...I want you too....." 
I grasp my purple hair tighter as my own voice echoes in my ears.
"That isn't you asking.....that's the alcohol.....Trust me Minoru, I want you so badly...but I want it to be you asking me.....If you truly want this....then ask me for it when your not drunk...you do that and I won't hold myself back...."
I am mortified. "I wanted......I wanted......" I remove my hands from my hair and fall backwards onto my bed and stare at the ceiling. "I wanted him to make love to me...." I whisper the truth out.
He said I would regret it.....And he is right...if him and I...If we..... "Oh God...." I mutter just thinking about him and I together.
I know what I have to do....I have to pretend I remember non of that....I bite my lower lip as I think about his lips against mine once more.
"That can never happen again....." I whisper as I sit back up. I know how Fuyuki feels for me, and that makes me nervous. But I am NOT ready to actually believe I am into a guy....
"I know your into girls....but....have you considered the possibility that you may be bisexual...."
Is what he said that day true....Yes I am very aware I am into girls....always have been...but...just thinking of Fuyuki gets my heart racing.
"I am not ready for this...." I whisper as I stand up and try to push my headache from my pounding head.
Still dressed in only a pair of jeans I leave my bedroom in need of very strong coffee.
As I slowly make my way down the hallway I freeze in my spot as I see the door to Rei's room wide opened. My hands start to shake as I slowly walk towards the room I destroyed. I see the light is on and when I stand in the doorway I am stunned.
The room is almost back to normal. I stand there as I watch Fuyuki lifting up the bookcase I knocked over. His long brown hair is down and loose falling across his shoulders. He must have felt my gaze as once he stood the bookcase up he spins around and meets his eyes with mine. 
"You.....didn't have to..." I whisper out.
"Minoru...." He walks towards me. I glance down to the floor. "Do you..........remember?" I hear him ask nervously.
I know what he is talking about...he is asking if I remember us making out...me begging him to continue.
I raise my gaze and find myself gazing into his beautiful green eyes. "I...." I take a deep breath. "I remember bits and pieces of last night.....I remember destroying this room......You stopping me....." My voice trails off.
"What else?" he takes another tiny step closer to me.
"Next thing I remembered is waking up with this killer hangover...."
I see his face drop.... "You remember nothing else?"
Why is this hurting so much to see him look so sad. "Did something happen?" I ask him sounding confused.
His face slightly blushes pink... "No.....Nothing happened...." He turns away from me and looks at the girls bedroom. "I felt responsible....if I never opened this room this wouldn't have happened....so I wanted to help clean it up...." He turns to me with a smile on his face. "Come....I made coffee, I had a feeling you would need some..." he chuckles as he gently takes my hand and leads me to counter in the kitchen where I sit on a bar stool.
For the first time this morning I glance at a clock and my eyes grow wide seeing it is 11:15am. "We're late for work!" I blurt out.
"Relax....I called in and told Kida you were feeling sick last night....that you needed to rest and I was going to work from here today."
"You did that?" I stare at him as he pours my coffee. I watch as he adds the perfect amount of cream and the tiniest bit of sugar.
"Yah....here..." He places it before me. I stare blankly at it. "Whats wrong?" I hear panic in his voice.
"You knew how much cream and sugar to add....." I whisper as I look up from my coffee to gaze at his now blushing face.
"Uhh yah....I guess I just noticed how you made your coffee...." he mutters embarrassed.
"Thanks...." I whisper as I raise the steaming mug of coffee to my lips and take a sip. "Mmm...." I close my eyes enjoying the taste. "I think you make better coffee then Cho..." I let out a chuckle.
Opening my eyes I see Fuyuki staring at me. He reaches his hand out towards my face and my whole body tenses up. He grins as he pulls a piece of fluff from my purple hair.
"So I was thinking...." I watch as he pours himself some coffee.
"Thinking what?" I ask curious.
"We should take our relationship to the next stage....."
".....what?!...." I stare at him....I am not ready to actually believe I am falling for him.....
"Yah....well we will need to start writing the article soon....."
My heart freezes....he meant our fake relationship for work..... "Right....." 
"You sound disappointed. Why is that?"
I raise my gaze and my blue eyes lock with his green ones. "I....I guess I am just nervous about people thinking we are a couple...." I quickly whisper.
"Yah...." He runs his hand along the back of his neck. 
"What did you have in mind as the next stage...."
"That we start making it known at work we are together....along with going on more undercover dates."
All I can do is nod my head.
"That ok?"
"Yah......Like you said we need to write the article soon...."
"Yah....." Fuyuki sighs out. "The article....."
We both remain silent as we sip our coffees. My mind is racing about the fact of pretending to date him....Is this me being nervous and embarrassed....or excited?
...


Akwardness
"Ok lets do this..." I walk out from my bedroom dressed in black dress pants and a black long sleeved button up shirt. I wear a deep dark purple tie, as my deep purple hair falls across my face.
Fuyuki jumps up from the couch when he sees me. He is dressed in black dress pants and a short sleeved white button up shirt which he left the first couple buttons undone. He long brown hair is half tied up as he normally wears it. I watch his bright green eyes look my body up and down.
"You nervous?" He asks me as he grabs his work bag and walks towards the main hallway and throws on his jacket.
"Yes....." I speak calmly.
I watch a smile form across his lips as he lightly laughs.
"Whats so funny?" I ask him confused as I pull my own winter jacket on and wrap my scarf around my neck.
"All the girls at work are going to hate me....." I give him a confused look. "Mino....I have told you this before." He steps towards me and takes my scarf in his hands and reties it more securely around my neck. "You have girls falling for you with a single look....when you smile at them they fall in love with you."
"Stop exaggerating..." I mutter out embarrassed of how close he is to me.
"I wish I was exaggerating..." His voice is soft as he gazes at me. He coughs nervously as he drops his hands and picks up his work bag and turns to the door. "You want to get a coffee on the way?"
"Yah...."
We exit my place and I lock up and start to walk down the hallway. Fuyuki suddenly takes my hand in his. I feel my face burn a deep shade of red as my heart rate picks up from his simple touch. Walking down the snowy street Fuyuki still holds onto my hand tightly.
As the coffee shop comes into view I think of Cho...Fuyuki must have sensed what I was thinking about as he softly speaks up.
"Once the article is over....I will tell her the truth for you....then maybe you two can get together..." I look up to see sadness cross his green eyes. "I mean if that is what you truly want...." I hear him whisper sadly.
What do I truly want? A sharp pain hits my heart. I know how badly Fuyuki likes me....yet here he is offering to set me up with Cho.
"Yah...." I whisper silently not even realizing what I was saying yes to.
"Ok...the quicker this article gets finished...then the quicker you two can be together."
"Wait...what?" I say breaking free from my thoughts.
"Come on Mino.....or we will be late for work." And he pulls me inside of the small warm coffee shop.
"Morning Minoru!" My eyes land on Cho...damn she looks really cute today. I find my mind thinking.
"Morning Cho...."
"Two coffees to go please." Fuyuki suddenly speaks up.
Her eyes show sadness. "Coming right up...."
Fuyuki lets go of my hand and I find myself missing the warmth of his touch. I go to reach for my wallet when he stops me. 
"My treat today..." he places money on the counter and I stare at him. He grins as he leans in close and I feel his soft lips press against my now bright red cheek. "I never did tell you how amazing you look today...." He whispers.
"I.....uh...." My mind goes blank.
"Here you go....." Cho's voice pulls me from my broken train of thought.
"Thank you!" Fuyuki smiles at her as he takes our coffees and hands me mine. "We need to hurry so we aren't late for work Mino..."
"Yah...." I turn to leave when suddenly Cho calls to me.
"Minoru!"
"I will wait outside..." Fuyuki whispers into my ear. I nod my head and watch him exit the cafe.
"Uhhh yes Cho?"
I turn around only to find her pressing her lips against mine. "I'm sorry...." she mumbles as I stare silently at her. "I know your dating him....I just had to do that once you know.....You kissed me that one day, I wanted to just kiss you...."
"Cho...." I whisper her name as I reach my hand out and cup her face. "Your so beautiful...." I whisper softly to her. "I always thought of asking you out....I think I didn't because of the age difference between us...."
"That never bothered me Minoru..." I see tears in her eyes. "But now I am too late as your dating him....I never once thought you could be gay...."
"I'm not gay..." I take a deep breath. "I am bisexual...."
"So I may still have a chance? If things don't work for you two?" She asks me softly.
I smile at her and her cheeks burn red. I lean in close to her and kiss her gently on the cheek. "Yah..."
"Mino!" I turn around to see Fuyuki standing there....
"Work...." I mutter. "Bye Cho...." She blushes as I walk off and Fuyuki grasps my hand tightly.
I glance up at his face and he looks a mixture of being sad and upset.
"Sorry.....I got carried away....I am going to blow this whole article..." I mutter. 
"How badly do you like her?" He suddenly asks me as he faces forward with a blank expression on his face.
"I....." How badly do I like Cho?
"That much huh..." he sighs deeply.
"Fuyuki......" I whisper his name. He stops walking and stares at me. "I...."
"Forget about it..." he pulls me in close and whispers into my ear. "I will make this right...I promise you. I want you to be happy." Confused I stare at him. "But seriously Mino....work...we are already late!" He pulls my  hand once more as we rush to the office.
...
I walk home alone after work. I am exhausted today was just crazy. The office went nuts when me and Fuyuki entered holding hands. Then within 30 minutes it seemed as if the whole building knew about us dating.
The girls in the office would come up to me congratulating me on my relationship. However each and everyone of them truly looked close to tears.
Was Fuyuki right? Am I seriously a chick magnet? I honestly never thought about it before. Yah most girls I talk to blush...but I never thought about it more then that.
"Look I have to stay here late...One of my other articles needs to be done by tomorrow....I will see you at home later." He spoke to me before gently gliding his fingers along my cheek. He leaned in and kissed my cheek. I heard whispers from those around us and I could only nod my head to Fuyuki.
Both hands shoved in my jacket pocket I stare at the sidewalk as I near my apartment building. Standing before the main entrance I pull it opened and push the elevator button. My phone beeps showing a text message. I pull it out and I see it is from Kiki.
-I am so sorry.....Forgive me Minoru...I love you-
Confused I type back to her as I wait for the elevator.
-Sorry about what Kiki?-
-I should have never told THEM about you and Fuyuki....-
My heart starts to pound.
-I hope you will forgive me...
I quickly type back as the elevator arrives and I step in pressing the button for the 7th floor.
-What did THEY do?-
When she does not reply I send another message to her.
-look your my little sis....no matter how many times we fight and argue I will always love you-
Yah when she surprised me at my place I honestly wanted to kill her and for her to leave more then anything....but she is my little sister....
Finally she replies as the elevator lands on the 7th floor and I step out.
-THEY are not happy.....-
I sigh knowing that would happen. Walking down the hall I come to my apartment. I go to put the key in the lock when I notice the door is already unlocked. Confused I open the door thinking maybe Fuyuki got off work early and beat me home somehow....Oh how wrong I was.
"MINORU URIHARA!" My voice is angrily yelled as soon as I open my door.
My face pales as my hands start to shake. Standing at the end of hallway arms crossed I stutter out.
"Ffff-Father..."
...


Awkwardness x 2
"Ffff-Father....." I mutter as my eyes land on the man standing there arms crossed. His eyes narrow at me as I stand there in shock.
"Don't you Father me...." I see the anger in his eyes. I stand there too stunned to even move. "Hurry up and get in here!" He turns his cold back onto me and enters my living room.
I quickly untie my scarf and remove my winter jacket. I take a deep breath. It has been maybe two years since I have last seen my parents. It may sound cruel but I have tried to cut off all connection to them...I have my reasons.
I nervously enter my place to see my Father standing beside my mother who is seated in one of the lounge chairs. However I notice they are not alone. On the couch is not only Kiki who looks close to tears but another girl who I have no idea who she is.
"Minoru Hunny....take a seat." My mother speaks in a soft voice. She motions to the couch and I reluctantly sit in between my sister and the stranger.
"So...." I casually speak up. "Why the sudden visit?"
"Don't speak in that tone of voice!" My Father lashes out harshly. I cringe in my spot. My hands start to grip the couch on either side of my body as I bite my lower lip to not yell back.
I feel a softness on my right hand and I turn to see Kiki holding my hand. I give her a small smile as our Father speaks again.
"Kiki told us of your relationship....." I remain silent. "I am here to end it....I will not allow you to bring shame to the Urihara name!"
I bite my lower lip even harder. I know what he is trying to do...I will not take this.
"I want you to meet Miss Yuri Takahashi." I silently look to the girl sitting next to me. She looks to be younger then me maybe by five years. She has long black hair that flowers to her waist. Her green eyes meet my blue one. They remind me of Fuyuki's but her's don't hold that sparkle that his does. She is very pretty...but not the type I would think about falling for.
My mind gets brought back to me as I hear my father speak up again.
"Starting today she is your Finance."
My blue eyes open wide as I jump up from the couch. "Excuse me!" I blurt out.
"Don't you dare raise your voice at me!" My father speaks in a demanding sharp tone.
I can't hold back my anger anymore. "What gives YOU the right to barge into MY home....to bring....to bring HER here....." I point at Yuri. "What gives you the right to demand I marry her!"
"You are my son....you will do as I say."
My hands turn into fists. "I gave up being your son years ago..." I growl out.
"Minoru darling please....." My mother stands up and walks to me hugging me. "Come home to us....Marry Yuri and we will forgive you for this rebellious stage."
I stare at my mother. She has the same deep purple hair that me and Kiki have. Her blue eyes are the same pale ones of my sister.
"Mother....I am sorry I can't do that." I see sadness cross her face.
"How dare you!" My father bellows. He storms up to me and in front of everyone he backhands me across my right cheek. "Do not speak to your mother like that!"
"get out...." I growl out.
"What!" he yells out.
"I said.... GET OUT!" My blue eyes shine with fire as I stare at the man before me. "You will not tell me what to do or how to live my life!" I turn to Yuri. "I am sorry....but I will not marry you. I have someone in my life already...."
"Don't you dare speak of him before us!" My father's face turns red with rage.
"And I said GET THE HELL OUT OF HERE!" 
"Mino......"
I turn around and stare at Fuyuki who is standing in the entrance. I never even heard the door open.
"YOU!" My father turns his icy glare to Fuyuki. "How dare you show your face here.....after what you have done to my son....you turned him into a freak!"
Anger bubbles up inside of me as I step between my father and Fuyuki.
"Don't you dare speak to him like that!" I yell out. "He is my Boyfriend.....nothing you say will say that!" I feel a second sharp sting to my right cheek as the sound of my father back handing me again echoes in my place.
"You will marry Miss Takahashi!" My father orders.
"GET OUT!!" I scream even louder. "I never want to see your face again!"
"Then you are no longer my son!"
"I already told you....I gave up being your son years ago..."
My father raises his hand to hit me for a third time. However as he brings his hand down and the loud slap is heard I stare wide eyes as it was not me his hand connected to.
"Fffff-Fuyuki!" I gasp out. Fuyuki grabbed my arm and in a hurry pulling me behind him in a protective manner so quickly. That when my father meant to smack me he ends up hitting Fuyuki Shido instead.
"Minoru told you to get out..." He growls as he glares at my Father. I don't seem to have control over my actions as my hands cling onto Fuyuki's body from behind him. Seeing this side of him makes my heart pound in my chest. To see him protect me as he did....to see him confronting my Father like he is...
"Minoru please.....Don't pick this life..." My mother pleads with me. I close my eyes as I lean my forehead against Shido's strong protective back. 
I hear footsteps walk pass me then I feel a soft hand on my arms. I raise my gaze from Fuyuki's back to see my sister.
"Sorry..." She whispers.
"Thanks for the heads up....." I mutter in response.
"KIKI!" My father bellows.
"Coming....." She whispers sadly.
"Kiki..." I quickly grab my sisters hand and pull her into a hug. "I want nothing to do with our parents....but I hope you and I will remain close."
She hugs me tightly. "I want that too." She whispers and then rushes after my parents.
"I apologize....Your parents never said you had a....boyfriend." I turn to see Yuri Takahashi. She turns her gaze to Fuyuki. "Your a very lucky man.....never lose him." 
"I wont...." Fuyuki says as he wraps his arms around my body.
I fall silent as the sound of my front door closes.
"Minoru...." I hear Fuyuki whisper my name but I only turn my back to him and walk towards my bedroom. My hand grabs a hold of my handle when I feel Fuyuki turn my body around and he cups my face in his warm hands. I feel the tears forming in my eyes and he takes his thumb and wipes them from my eyes before they have the chance to fall. He then caresses my red cheek. "How dare he hit you..."
"Thank you....." I whisper. "But you should have just let him hit me...."
"I could never stand there and watch someone hurt you...."
"Why?" I whisper. I look up into his green eyes.
"You know why....." He whispers. He leans in closer and rests his forehead against mine. He closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. "I would do anything to protect you Mino...."
"Fuyuki..." I whisper his name.
"I know....I know you don't feel the same way...." He chuckles lightly. "I never did intend to actually fall for you when we started this project....I am sorry..." He pulls away from me. "I will make it up to you..." Then I watch as he silently leaves my apartment, leaving me standing there all alone.
...


Feelings
Fuyuki's PoV
To see Mino's father smack him made my blood boil. How dare he hurt him like that...I never knew how much pain asking Minoru Urihara to do this article with me would cause him. I have to make this up to him...and I know just how to do it.

My heart begs me not to...but I know I must. I enter the small cafe shop in hopes of seeing the blonde girl with the glasses. I don't see her. My shoulders slump realizing the chances of seeing her working this late was stupid.

I walk towards a table and sit down. I am not ready to go back....Besides I have a feeling Minoru wants to be alone.

Just thinking of Minoru makes my heart pain. "Fuck..." I curse under my breath. I never did plan to fall for him...Yah I thought he was very attractive and cute when I first ran into him....I guess that is why I wanted to have him as my partner for this....

I mean I still haven't fully gotten over Dannie yet...In my heart I still think I have feelings for Dannie, but Mino.... "I love him...." I whisper silently under my breath. This pains because I know he will never share these feelings. I know he is bisexual...it is so obvious to see. But I see the fear in his eyes thinking he could be attracted to me. Then there is the way he looks at her....

"Fuyuki!" My gaze raises and I look into the blue eyes of the girl I was just thinking about. "No Minoru with you today?"

I open my mouth to speak but close it. 

"I will get you a coffee.." She turns to leave when I blurt out. 

"I need to tell you the truth...." 

"The truth?" She turns around and her blue eyes show confusion.

"You really like him don't you...Minoru I mean." Her eyes show sadness as her cheeks flush pink.

"Yah...but he is dating you...." She whispers as she walks over and sits across from me at the table.

"Minoru isn't gay!" I blurt out.

"I know....he told me he is bisexual....but that doesn't stop the fact he is attracted to you and dating you."

"Cho....Me and Minoru..." I stop talking. as my body starts to shake. "Him and I....." I bite my lower lip. "We are not dating...." I finally manage to whisper out.

"WHAT! But you and him...."

I take a deep sigh and tell her the truth.
...

Minoru's PoV
I sit on the couch waiting for Fuyuki to return. I nervously hold my hands together on my lap. I try to calm my heartbeat.

I close my eyes and I can see him standing before me protectively holding me behind his back. My heart only races more as I remember how possessive he was. I even have to admit to myself seeing that side to him was a major turn on.

Suddenly there is a knock on my front door and I jump up and bolt to it. Maybe Fuyuki forgot his keys? Maybe he is worried I want to be alone....god I need to see him right now. I need to tell him how I feel....that I am afraid....because I think I am falling for him.

I throw the door wide opened and my eyes open wide in shock. "Cho....." I breath out.

"May I come in?" She seems nervous as I nod my head and allow her to enter. She takes off her shoes and we enter the living room.

"How do you know where I live?" I suddenly blurt out.

I watch her cheeks blush red....god she is pretty....

"Fuyuki told me..." Hearing her speak his name makes my mind grow fuzzy.

"What?"

"He came to see me at the cafe....." she walks over to me and takes both my hands in hers. "Minoru....I know the truth. I know you two are only pretending to date for a work article..."

My blue eyes grow wider in shock, "He.....told you?" Then his voice rings throughout my head.

"Once the article is over....I will tell her the truth for you....then maybe you two can get together..."

"I never did intend to actually fall for you when we started this project....I am sorry...I will make it up to you..."

Is this what he meant by make it up to me.....I stare at Cho unable to say anything.

"Minoru....." Cho suddenly wraps her arms around my neck and pulls me down into a kiss. When she pulls away she gazes at me softly. "I love you...." I remain silent unsure what to do or say. My cheeks burn red from embarrassment as do hers. "I don't care if you two have to pretend to date....My feelings are the same as they always have been." She whispers as he kisses me once more.

I wrap my arms around her tiny body as I kiss her in return. I have always known I had feeling for Cho. This feels so right.....This is not confusing as it is when Fuyuki gets involved.

Our kisses grow in passion as we find ourselves on my couch. I sit there while Cho straddles me kissing me as her hands run through my purple hair. I grasp her hips with my hands as I trace my tongue along her lips. She gladly allows me in and we massage our tongue's together.

She pulls away and smiles shyly at me. "Should we take this to your bedroom?" My cheeks burn red at how forward she was asking that.

"Uh....." I glance towards the front door. What if he walked in and saw us..... "Sure..." We stand up and I lead her down the hallway. Opening my bedroom she pushes me backwards onto my bed and crawls above me. My eyes are wide as I stare at her. She pulls her shirt off slowly revealing her black laced bra. I gulp nervously...It has been a while since I....well since I shared a bed with another. 

Cho's hands start to unbutton my shirt and once it was undone she runs her hands along my bare skin. 

I know I should be thinking fully of the girl on me, who wants me....but my mind goes back to that night. The night I pulled Fuyuki's shirt off...The way he quickly removed mine and grazed his fingers along my skin. The way I begged him to take me.....

Cho pulls away. "Minoru?" She whispers.

"I am so sorry Cho....." I whisper. I gaze up at her as she straddles my body. "I have wanted to do this with you for so long....But...."

She crawls off of me and I sit up, my body shakes as I know the truth now...

"You actually fell for him...." Cho whispers. I look to her and she quickly pulls her shirt back on her body. "You love him...."

"I.....I might...." Is all I can say. "I am truly sorry for this...for leading you on....These feelings I have for him....I am just so scared to realize they are real."

"It's fine..." She smiles at me. "I want you to be happy...and I don't want this to go further if you wish I was him...."

"Thanks..." I nervously run my hand through my purple hair messing it up. "Uhh I will walk you out...." I mutter embarrassed of this situation.

With my shirt still unbuttoned and my hair a mess I open my bedroom door and walk into the living room with a bright red face.

"Mino I..." My body freezes as I see Fuyuki standing there. His eyes grow wide as he looks from my state of clothes to Cho beside me whose hair is just as messed up and her shirt is slightly crooked. He quickly turns and walks down the hall to the entrance. "Sorry If I interrupted...." 

"FUYUKI!" I call after him but he does not stop. I run to the entrance to see the front door slam shut. I stand there pain coursing through my heart. "Your the one I want...." I whisper quietly to the closed door.
...


Photo Shoot?
A month.....A full month has passed by since Fuyuki walked in and thought me and Cho had sex. I exit my bedroom feeling depressed as I stare at my once again empty couch.
Since that day he hasn't stayed here anymore. He said it would be best if he stayed at his friends place. That this would give me and Cho a place to be alone together out of the public eye. I tried to tell him nothing happened between me and her. But he wouldn't listen to me. He left before I had the chance to tell him the truth...that I think I am falling in love with him.
The only time I see him now is at work it seems. He said we no longer need to go out on fake undercover dates as we have enough material for the article. He is pushing me away...and knowing this hurts so much.
I find myself standing outside Shizen Magz unable to enter. The cold winter air only has grown stronger as Christmas is only just around the corner. Sighing I enter and make my way to the elevator. Pushing the button I wait silently as I step inside when the doors opened.
I walk through the office and take a deep breath to calm my nerves I push open the doors and I see him. He is on his phone and he looks annoyed.
"I have already told you Dannie...."
My heart pains, he is talking to his ex....
"No....you and I...that will never happen....that night was a mistake...." Suddenly his eyes raise up and meet my gaze. "Look stop calling me...." and I watch him slam the phone down.
I remain silent as I stand there.
"Uhhh I...."
"You don't have to explain...." I whisper. "If you got back together with your ex boyfriend that has nothing to do with me...." The pain is to much....just the thought of him hooking up with the ex who broke his heart. I turn to leave.
"Mino wait!" I stop and stand with my back facing him. "Uhh....yah I was upset one night....I was drunk.... I called Dannie and we....."
"I don't want to hear it..." I whisper trying to stop my tears from falling.
"Mino..."
Just then our door flies opened. I stare at an extremely happy Mr Kida. "The rough draft of the article so far is amazing!" He beams at the two of us.
"I am glad you think so..." Fuyuki speaks up with a smile now on his face.
"Yes....I was hesitant at first...but Shido you have won me over with your writing once again...." He turns to me. "I am glad we brought you on as a reporter Urihara! You two make the perfect pair!" He chuckles, "Not to mention a perfect couple!"
My body starts to quiver.
"Kida was there something you wanted else of us?" Fuyuki quickly asks.
"Yes there was....we need photos for the article... I have already scheduled a photographer to come and do the photo shoot.
"Photo shoot?" I finally speak pulling myself from my daze.
"Yes....we have the article of you and Shido as a couple....now we need pictures!" My heart grows heavy as I turn my gaze to my partner....to the man I can't stop thinking about....
...
I stand frozen in my spot. I spot Fuyuki across the room wearing only a pair of red boxers. Some girl is slightly putting the smallest makeup on him for the shoot. 
"Urihara good your here!" I turn to see Mr Kida. "Now....you are to change into this!" He pushes a bag into my hand. "Hurry up now..." 
I stare at my reflection. I am wearing the black boxers they gave me with a black bathrobe over my body. My body starts to shake. Can I really go through with this....I have yet to even tell him my feelings....
I exit the change room and I get pushed down into a chair. A girl brushes my purple hair as another touches my face up with makeup.
"Urihara!" I jump as my name is called. I look at the photographer in charge of the photo shoot. "I want you to sit on the bed mat and just do what comes natural with you two. Pretend we are not even here....All I can do is nod my head.
...
My body trembles as I sit down nervously on the bed mat that is laying on the polished wood floor. With shaking hands I untie the bathrobe I am wearing. The soft fabric slips opened revealing my naked bare chest and body. The robe hangs off my shoulders as I sit and wait. Glancing down at myself I feel my face burn red wearing only a pair of black boxers.
Embarrassed I pull the robe tightly around my body so no one can see.
"You have nothing to be embarrassed of...trust me..." My eyes raise to see him standing before me in just his red boxers. My eyes travel his perfectly sculpted body and I find myself taking a nervous gulp.
"I...uhhh...."
He kneels down before me causing me to clutch the bath robe around me even tighter. My sudden movement brings a smile to his lips. His long brown hair falls around his face and rests on his shoulders. Gazing into his green eyes I feel something spark in my heart.
Could this be real? Could he and I....?
I watch his hands reach out towards me and my body stiffens as his fingers glide up my arms. His long fingers gently push the robe off my shoulders and he looks me up and down.
"Definitely nothing to be embarrassed about..." he whispers softly as he brings his perfect muscular body towards mine.
My face flushes bright red the closer he gets to me. "I.....uhh... I....don't think I can do this...."
"Relax......" He whispers as he leans in and whispers into my ear. "Just pretend we are the only ones here...." His hot breath sends shivers throughout my body.
I glance around the room where the photographers are snapping pictures of us from every angle. "That is not what makes me nervous..." I whisper embarrassed.
"Just close your eyes." He whispers into my ear sending shivers once again through my confused pulsating body. Placing his hands on my shoulders I cant help notice how big and warm they are. I allow him to gently push me down onto my back. My eyes stare at him wide. "Close your eyes..." He whispers once more as his hands push the last of the robe off of me revealing my body to him.
Closing my eyes I take a deep inhale of air when i feel his fingers gliding along my chest.
"If it will help...." He whispers into my ear so only I can hear him. "In your mind pretend my touches are from a girl..."
I try to do as he says. But knowing that another guy is driving my body crazy with a single touch....
"That won't help...." I gasp out as his lips start to trail kisses along my chest.
"Why...is...that?" He asks in between his kisses.
"Because no girl has made me feel like this...."
"What?"
My eyes snap open realizing what I just blurted out. "I.....uhh... I mean...." I try to scramble up but he only pushes my body back down.
"It's thrilling. I understand. Its so new to you. Knowing a males touch can turn you on so simply...." He gazes into my blue eyes with his beautiful green ones. "Let me show you how thrilling this can be..." He whispers into my ear.
His lips start to kiss my earlobe causing my body to shiver in delight. Slowly his lips move to my neck and I find myself biting my lower lip.
"Let it out...." He smiles against my skin. "Let me know I am pleasuring you by hearing you moan for me...."
"I...uhh...Ahh!" I gasp out suddenly as his lips touch a sensitive spot on my neck.
"Right here?" He whispers as he kisses that spot rougher while his hands start to roam my body.
"Ohh mmmmm" The moans escape my lips. I feel his tongue glide across my sensitive spot and I arch my head back to allow him better access at my neck.
Seeing this he licks me more as his lips kiss me harder and rougher. His hands run over my bare chest. Never once have I felt so much pleasure before from someone else's touch. Never once would I have thought I would enjoy the touch of a man so much.
He grasps my left arm with his hand as he licks my neck.
"Ahhh!" I cry out in a moan as I arch my head back even further for him to get my neck even better. The feeling of his tongue running up and down my neck turns me on so much. I know now more then anything how badly I want this man.
"AND CUT!" I hear a voice shout out. My eyes open wide as Fuyuki pushes his body off of mine. "That was perfect!" The photographer cries out. "We got just the shot we needed!"
I slowly sit up and with a quick glance down at my body I pull the bathrobe over myself. I enjoyed that just a bit to much as I am clearly showing as I start to grow hard. I glance to Fuyuki as he silently walks off towards the change rooms.
"Fuyuki..." I whisper his name with longing in my voice. 
...


The Truth
The day after the photo shoot I nervously walk to Shizen Magz. Taking a deep breath I enter Fuyuki's and my office. I freeze in the doorway as I see him sitting in his chair typing on his computer.
"Minoru.." He stares at me.
"Fuyuki..." I reply back. I try to move from my spot but I am frozen. Remembering yesterday pains my heart. After the photographer yelled cut, how he just stood up and walked away. "Can we talk?" I whisper out.
"Minoru...." He sighs. "I am busy with work..."
"....Right......sorry...." I whisper my eyes glued to the floor. I take a step as I look back up to him. He is typing on his computer again. Taking a deep breath I speak out what I wanted to that night a month ago. "I didn't sleep with Cho..."
Fuyuki's hand freeze on his keyboard. His eyes stare at his screen as he does not speak or move.
"She kissed me...one thing lead to another and we were making out on the couch......We went to my room She took her shirt off and undid mine...."
"Mino please don't...." I hear the pain in his voice.
"NO!" I yell out. "You need to know the truth!" I watch his body tense as he still stares at his computer screen. "I was going to sleep with her....but I stopped us...." My hands turn into fists. "I couldn't sleep with her Fuyuki....because I think I am falling in love with you!"
His eyes shoot up from his computer to meet my gaze.
"You ran out before I could tell you.....then this past month you hardly spoke to me let alone looked at me..." My eyes fall to the floor as my entire body trembles.
"You didn't sleep with her..." He whispers quietly.
I can't bring myself to speak as I know if I do I will start crying. So I merely just shake my head no.
"Fuck......" I raise my gaze to see Fuyuki's head in his hands. "I was so sure that you and her....." He slams a fist down onto his desk. "I went to Dannie that night....Thinking you and her made love.....it hurt.....Him and I.....I regretted it as soon as we finished....."
I knew that he slept with Dannie when I heard his phone call the other day....but to hear him say it out loud. Tears start to fall from my eyes.
"Are you happy..." I whisper in a cracked voice. "You got your wish...."
"Minoru?" He stands from his chair.
"I have come to terms with me being bisexual.....that I have fallen for you...."
This is too much. I turn and run for the door to leave.
"MINO!" Just as I grasp the door handle I feel his strong arms wrap around my body. "Please....don't run from me. I was stupid....I mean fuck...I was the one whole told Cho the truth....I honestly thought that is what you wanted. I hated myself for it as I wanted you all to myself. But seeing you both exit your room how you looked......" His voice trails off as he holds me tightly. "Tell me you want me....please....."
I close my eyes shut tightly. "I have wanted you since the night I told you about Rei...." I feel his arms loosen on my body.
"What......"
Eyes still shut I speak quietly. "I lied Fuyuki....I have lied so much to you......I was too embarrassed to tell you the truth....."
"What are you saying?" He whispers into my ear as my back is pressed tightly to his chest.
"That night you were drunk....The night after I first asked if you were gay......" I take a deep breath.
"You said I did nothing.....you lied...."
"Yes....." I whisper quietly.
"What did I do?"
"You kissed me for the first time......."
"Fffirst time?" He stutters out.
"I remember that night Fuyuki.....You kissing me....me pulling your shirt off. I begged you not to stop.....you said it was the alcohol talking......"
"Wasn't it?" I can only shake my head. "Mino...." He whispers into my ear, his hot breath sends a shiver though my body.
"You said if I meant it to tell you when I was not drunk.......That you wouldn't hold back...." my eyes closed I take another deep breath. "I am telling you now Fuyuki....I want you....I want you so badly."
My eyes open wide as I hear a metal clicking sound. I watch as Fuyuki's hand moves from our office door, he just locked it...my mind starts to race.
"From the first moment I met you......when you ran into me in Gaya's office...I have wanted to make you mine......" He spins me around and my back gets pinned against the door. "Can I have all of you..." He whispers.
"I am scared...." I whisper quietly. "I want this....but......I have only ever been with a girl...I am afraid I don't know what to do...."
"Leave that to me..." He whispers. "May I make you mine Mino?"
"Yes Fuyuki...."
"Call me Yuki......" He whispers in my ear.
"Yuki....." Suddenly his lips slam against mine.
"Mmmm...." I moan into his kiss as he took me off guard.
"Fuck your so hot..." He whispers to me as his lips take mine again. I feel his tongue against my lips and I immediately open and let him him. One of his hands are on the back of my head gripping my purple hair as his other is tightly around my waist. I reach up and wrap my arms around his neck pulling him closer to deepen our kiss.
His lips leave mine as they make their way down my neck....I inhale sharply as he kisses the spot he found yesterday during the photo shoot.
"I wanted to take you right there yesterday........fuck Mino you turned me on so badly..."
"I was turned on too...." I whisper embarrassed.
"I know......." His breath hits my neck. "I felt you go hard....I had to rush out of there to stop myself from attacking and ravaging your body."
My face burns red. "I am so mortified you felt that...."
"Let me feel it again....."
"YUKI!" I cry out as his hand starts to unbuckle my pants.
He stops himself. "Whats wrong?"
"Hhhhh-here?" I stutter out.
"I can't wait till we get to your place.....I need you now....."
"But someone may hear...AHH!" I gasp out as his hand presses against my throbbing member in my pants.
"Then moan only loud enough for just me to hear Mino......." His lips take mine as his hands unbuckle my pants. I feel my pants fall around my ankle. "I told you I wan't going to hold back....." He takes my hand and pulls me away from the door. I step out from my dress pants and he picks my body up and sits me on top of his desk. Fuyuki stands before me and I find my hands reaching out and I untie his hair. I watch as his brown locks cascade onto his shoulders.
"Have I ever told you how much I love your hair?" I whisper.
"No.....you haven't...." I feel his hands loosen my tie and he pulls it over my neck. Then his hands start to unbutton my shirt and he pushes it from my body. His lips instantly go to my neck and I arch my head back. I am slightly embarrassed about the fact I am only in my boxers now.....but damn, his lips feel amazing. He begins to glide his hands across my skin and my body burns from his touches. 
His lips move lower down my body and he flicks his tongue across on my my nipples.
"AH!" I gasp out from pure pleasure. He grins and places his lips over my hardened nipple and sucks on it while running his tongue along it. "YUKI!" I cry out. His hands move from my hips and down my body. I feel him smirk against my lips as his finger runs along the elastic band of my boxers. I can't control my body as I feel my arousal starting to show in my erection.
"These are in the way...." I hear him whisper as he tugs at my boxers. 
Embarrassed I push up my body with my arms and he takes the advantage to pull my boxers from my body and down my legs. I sit on his desk before him completely naked and I can't stop blushing. 
"Don't stare..." I whisper as I go to cover myself.
"Mmmmm but your so perfect...." He suddenly grasps my erected member in his hand.
"Gah!!" I cry out as his lips take mine to muffle my voice. My breathing grows heavy as I feel his hand move up and down my fully erected shaft. He starts to pump me and god his hands feel amazing. My breathing is ragged as he lowers his lips from mine to my neck. He trails his lips even lower down my body until he licks the tip of my erection. 
"MMMmm..." I moan as my head falls back. My body arches showing him I enjoyed it. I gasp out as I feel him take me in his mouth. "Yuki........" I breath out in pure pleasure.... "More...please.." I beg of him as he starts to suck me harder.
It has been forever since another has pleasured me like this....and knowing this time it is a man....that thought turns me on even more. While one hand keeps me sitting up I move my other to his head and grasp a handful of his hair. My body starts to shake as I know I am getting close.
"Yuki....." I whimper out. Hearing this only makes him suck me harder and deeper into his mouth.
"I........." my mind grow blank as ecstasy take over my mind. "Oh....GOD!" My hand on the desk clenches into a fist as the one in his hair grips him tighter. "FUCK!!!" I cry out as I feel my body start to release into his mouth. His sucking does not stop until my body is utterly shaking. I hear him swallow my seed that entered his mouth and he remove his lips from my now soft member. 
My face burns bright red as he gazes at me. "That was just a teaser my sweet Mino......" My eyes grow wide at him. "Just wait until we are back at your place....." He tosses my boxer at me and I blush even redder.
"That......that was....."
He cuts me off and speaks. "That was fucking hot......" I stand from his desk and pull my boxers on. Suddenly his lips are on mine once more...... "Or maybe I won't be able to wait till we are home..."
My heart flutters as he calls my place his home.....
"Mino, I love you....." He whispers into my ear.
"I....love you too Fuyuki...."
...


Dinner For Two
I did it...I finally confessed my love for him. I sit in my desk and I can't stop my eyes from glancing over towards him. His long brown hair I untied earlier is still loose laying across his shoulders.
Thinking about what he did to me earlier.....My cheeks burn red and I bite my lower lip as my eyes fall to my desk.
"You need to stop doing that...." My eyes shoot up to see Fuyuki resting his head in his hand while he gazes at me.
"Stop what?" I ask in a whisper.
"Biting your lip like that.....Seeing you do that turns me on....you look sexy as hell when you do that." I feel my face burn an even deep shade of red. "And damn Mino...you drive me nuts when you blush all the time......Stop being such a tease." He winks at me. 
"..........."
He laughs at my blank face. "Your so perfect...." I hear him whisper as his eyes turn back to his computer.
...
Finally work is over and I stand from my desk and start to put on my jacket. Fuyuki walks over to me and picks up my scarf from my desk. He wraps it around my neck securing it tightly. I just stare at him unsure of what to do or say.
"I don't want you to get sick...." He whispers out. "I know how you and the cold weather don't get along." He smiles at me. 
My heart races at his kindness. I lean in towards him and gently place my lips against his cheek. I pull away to see a faint pink dusting cross his cheeks.
"So....." He awkwardly steps away from me and walks to his desk grabbing his jacket. "Did you want me to come to your place? or should I go back to my friends?" He speaks in an unsure voice as he looks at his hands zipping up his coat.
I know what it will mean to have him come home with me tonight. I take a steady breath and whisper out. "I want you to stay with me...."
"You sure your ready for that?" He asks me. "If it's too soon.....we can wait.....I don't want to rush you..."
Hearing this makes me smile. "No....I want this..." I smile as I grab my work bag. "It will be nice to make dinner for two again as well."
"A homemade dinner from the man I love....." Fuyuki smiles.
...
Walking down the winter street Fuyuki walks beside me. He then reaches over and takes my right hand in his left. About to turn down the street towards the apartment building he stops walking.
"Whats wrong?" I ask him.
"You realize what will happen if I come over right...are you really sure your ready for that step? If I enter your place....I won't be able to hold back."
"I won't lie Fuyuki, I am scared....ok more like terrified." He raises his hand and cups my cheek. "I have only ever slept with girls before.....and even that was at least a good couple years ago...." I nervously glance down. "I am afraid I wont know what to do....with a guy."
I feel my chin getting raised and my blue eyes meet Fuyuki's bright green ones. "I will show you what to do...." He leans in and gives me a soft kiss. When he pulls away his face is even redder, "Uh...do you have.....you know......protection?"
My face feels like it is on fire as I shake my head no.
He cups my face and caresses my cheek with his thumb. "Ok.....how about you head home and start dinner.....and I will run to a store."
"Ssssure..." I stutter out.
He smiles at me and leans in pressing his lips to mine as the cold winter air bites against my face. "Ok.... I will be there soon." He kisses me once more before he turns around and walks off down the street.
I stand frozen in my place. I guess I never thought two guys would need protection. But even making love to a guy you can still get sexual diseases. Making love with a guy.....my eyes open wide. 
"Oh dear lord!" My face flushes bright red. "This is going to hurt..." I mutter embarrassed and nervously I walk home. 
I know in every gay relationship there is one masculine dominant guy in the couple while the other takes the female role. 
I glance over my shoulder in the direction Fuyuki left in. There is no doubt who the dominant one of the two of us is....he may be three years younger then me. But...... I know he is the type to  be rough and take control. And knowing that only turns me on for him even more.
...
Arriving home I throw my jacket and scarf inside the hall closet and rush into the kitchen. Opening the fridge there is not much food here.....I open cupboards and find some ramen noodles.
"This is so embarrassing...." I mutter as I grab the noodle packages and some seasonings. I open the fridge once more and grab some meat and veggies and start cooking. I add miso soup broth to a pot while cooking the meet and veggies separately. Deciding we need something else I start to cook up some rice to go with the ramen.
I just need to keep moving....if I stop for only just one second thoughts of what will happen tonight race through my mind.
Just as I take out four bowls the rice finishes and I place it into two of the bowls. As I stir the ramen soup all mixed together now I hear the front door open. My body freezes and I start to shake.
"Smells so good..." I suddenly feel strong arms wrap around my body from behind. I hear a light chuckle from next to my ear. "Ramen huh?"
"Iii-it's not mm-much...." I curse at myself in my head for stuttering.
"Well it smells amazing Mino...." I feel his lips press against my cheek. "Do you need help? I am not the best cook but I manage...."
"Oh no...it's ready now....hand me those bowls?"
"Sure...." Fuyuki lets go of my body as he retrieves the bowls from the counter. I dish out the ramen and he carries them to the kitchen counter and places them beside the bowls of rice. "I've missed your cooking..." I hear him whisper. I turn to look at him.
"Well I will cook for you every day if you allow me too..." I smile softly at him.
"You are too perfect.." He walks up to me and takes my face in his hands and pulls my lips to his in a heated kiss. "Food first...." He speaks in a husky voice.... "Then....."
His voice ends and I continue for him. "Then I am  all yours...."
...


His Gentle Touch
Once we finished eating, I nervously stand up and take the dishes and place them inside the sink. I stand with my back facing towards Fuyuki. Grabbing the kitchen counter ledge with my hands I grip onto it tightly. So tightly my hands begin to turn white. My body starts to shake as fear takes over me. 
"Mino......" Hands wrap around my body and place on my now white hands. He removes my grip from the counter and gently kisses my neck. "If your truly not ready for this..."
"No....I want this....I just have never been this afraid before.....Fuyuki I think I am seriously having a panic attack." I whisper quietly. 
"I will be slow and gentle with you." He kisses my neck again. "I will cherish you Mino. I want this, with you to be perfect."
Hearing his soft soothing voice. His hands holding mine. His lips against my neck my body and mind begins to calm down.
"I will take my time....I want you to enjoy this as much as I know I will."
I quickly spin around in his arms and face him. "I am scared..." I whisper embarrassed.
He cups my face in his hands. "I know...." then he leans in close to me and gently kisses my lips. "I want to give you all of me...." He whispers softly into my ear.
"I......" I take a gulp. "I want that too.."
Fuyuki lowers his hands from my face and gently takes my hands in his. He stands there before me entwining his fingers with mine. A soft smile graces his face. "I never imagined you and I would end up together..How I have wanted this since I first met you." My cheeks burn red. "Your doing it again...your blushing....." He leans down and kisses my burning red cheeks.
"You make me feel like I am back in collage or something going out on my first date....." I mutter. "Me being older doesn't bug you?"
Fuyuki laughs. "Three years is not that much of a difference." He gazes down at me as his shoulder length brown hair flows freely around him. "I think its hot I found an older man.." He winks at me which only makes me blush even more.
I close my eyes and take a deep breath to try and calm my racing heart. Opening my eyes I gaze into his gorgeous green ones. "Ok......" I quietly speak up. "I....think I am ready....."
"Damn your too adorable..." Fuyuki grins as he starts to lead me from the kitchen and towards my bedroom.
Entering my bedroom Fuyuki lets go of my hand and gazes at me. Standing there I glance down at his body and bite my lower lip.
"Fuck Mino...if you look at me like that.....I won't be able to go slow...." He growls out in a sexy deep voice.
"Uhhhh...how do we start this...."
He chuckles. "What would you do first with a girl?"
"Kissing I guess....." I answer shyly.
"Then kiss me..."
I step closer to him and slowly I reach my arms up and wrap them around his neck. His green eyes shine with happiness and lust as I pull him down towards me and press our lips together. He instantly wraps his arms around my body deepening our kiss. His tongue begs for entrance and I allow him in as we massage our tongues together.
I thought this before I know....but damn Fuyuki Shido is an amazing kisser. If he is this good just kissing I can only imagine what he is like as a lover. Thinking this I start to get turned on as we stand there making out. I raise on of my hands from around his neck and run it through his long hair.
Fuyuki separates our bodies and walks towards the bed. I watch him silently as my heart is pounding in my chest. He climbs on top of my bed and kneels down on his knees. He looks to me and holds his hand out begging for me to come to him.
I step forward and climb on top my bed. I kneel above him straddling his legs. We are now face to face and I gaze at his handsome features. I raise my hands and place my right on the back of his head tangling my fingers in his hair while my left cups his face.
"I love you..." I whisper quietly as I lean in and kiss him gently. His one hand goes around my waist as his other grasps my thigh. I move my lips from his and gently start to trail kisses down his neck.
"Mmmm" He lets out a small moan. Hearing this I feel my arousal in my pants. My mind starts to grow hazy as I continue kissing his neck. I lower my hands from his hair and start to unbutton the shirt he is wearing. As I unbutton a new button my lips slowly travel down lower his body. "Fuck your amazing at this...." He whispers while his hand grasps my thigh. I hear his breathing pick up and I know I am turning him on from the hardness now showing in his pants.
Fully unbuttoning his shirt I push it off his body. I pull back to admire his toned and muscular upper body. "Damn your so hot...." I whisper as my hands run up and down his bare skin.
I hear him inhale a sharp breath at my soft gentle touch.
"Your making this really hard for me to hold back you know....." I hear him whisper. I blush as I gaze at him.
Suddenly his hands start to loosen the tie I wear around my neck. I gaze into his eyes and I see lust take over him. "Have I told you how handsome you always look dressed for work and wearing a tie?"
"No.....you haven't...." I reply shyly.
"It's a major turn on..." He whispers.
He takes his hands and pulls the tie out from the collar of my buttoned up long sleeve shirt and pulls it over my head. His hands make quick work of stripping me clean of my shirt. His hands.....god they feel heavenly against my cold skin.
"Your so cold...." He whispers. I close my eyes as his hands run up and down my body. Where ever he touches me I feel my skin begin to burn. "I will warm you up....." He whispers into my ear. His hot breath sends shivers throughout my entire body. "I need you Mino......"
My eyes still closed from the pleasure of his gentle touches I find myself whispering to him. "Then take me....Make me yours...."
Suddenly I feel his warm hands on my body tighten and he begins to move our positions. I now stare up at Fuyuki as he laid me down on my back. He leans over me as his long brown hair falls around his handsome face. His hands begin to unbuckle my pants and he slides them off leaving me in just my boxers. 
"I wanted to take you then and there on my desk with you sitting naked on it..." He whispers. A smile crosses his lips. "Though I did enjoy giving you that blowjob very much..."
I gulp nervously as I feel my face flush red. I watch Fuyuki quickly stand up and he pulls down his pants revealing his huge erection in his boxers. I feel my forehead start to sweat...he looks huge...how the hell is that going to fit???
"Yuki...." I whisper out his nickname. He suddenly takes my lips in a heated kiss.
"Minoru...your 100% positive about this....about us?" He suddenly asks in a clear voice.
"Yes....." I whimper out as he kisses me a little more rougher.
I feel his hands run down my body and he starts to pull down my boxers. I lift my body slightly so he can pull them off. Now completely naked before him for the second time today I blush.
"AHH!" I cry out as his hand grabs my fully erected member. Memories of earlier run through my mind of him pleasuring me. "Mmm" I moan out at the feel of his gentle touch.
"I need to get you ready....." He whispers.
Unsure what he means I gasp out as I feel his finger nearing my butt. 
Oh dear Lord!!! I scream in my head.
"Mino....." I hear concern in his voice.
I nod my head to him telling him to continue. 
His finger traces my hole and I feel strangely aroused by this. He slips inside of me and I gasp out. "GAHH!" Yuki stops his movements until I calm down and he moves his finger in and out of me. Suddenly he pulls out and enters this time with two fingers. "Oh dear Lord!" I cry out.
Fuyuki kisses my neck and chest. I feel him start to move his fingers in a scissor type motion. My mind grows hazy as he proceeds. He removes his fingers and he stands up and pulls down his boxers. My eyes open wide as I see him fully naked.
"Your huge....." I whimper out as my eyes stare at him.
"It will fit....trust me..." He whispers gently to me. My breathing picks up and my heart feels like it will burst from my chest. "Are you ready?" He asks me.
I nod my head as I bite my lower lip.
"I will be gentle and slow until you are used to it....." He kisses my lips.
"OH GOD!" I scream out as I feel his fully erected shaft press against my opening. My hands clench the bed sheets which we lay upon tightly in my hands.
"Mino......calm down..." Fuyuki whispers gently into my ear. "I will try my best not to hurt you...."
"Ok...." I manage to whisper out. "I'm ready...." I whimper out as I feel him start to push into me slowly.
OH GOD...OH GOD....OH DEAR FUCKING LORD! I scream mentally in my head as Fuyuki slowly pushes himself inside of me.
Tears start to brim my eyes as the pain is to much to handle. I find myself shaking my head. "Yuki....it hurts....." I whisper.
"I know....." He cups my face with both hands and wipes away my tears. "I promise....the pain will end very soon....." All I can do is nod my head for him to continue.
Tears now flow down my cheeks as he inches further inside of me.
"Baby.....Please....I hate to cause you pain.....do you wish me to stop?" I hear the pain in his voice.
I want the pain to stop but I shake my head no.
"Baby I am sorry...." He whispers as he wipes my tears and kisses my face all over. "I promise the pleasure will start soon...."
After some more pain Fuyuki kisses my lips. "That is all of me...." He whispers. I gasp realizing his huge member is fully inside of me. "Does it still hurt..." He whispers concerned.
"Only a little...." I manage to whisper. 
Fuyuki remains still. "Let me know when your used to it...." He whispers while kissing my neck softly. I nod my head as my hands clutching the bed sheets loosen.
"Ok...I think I am ready...." I whisper.
"Tell me if you wish me to stop."
"Ok...."
Slowly Fuyuki pulls himself out of me then gently as he can reenters my body. "AH!" I scream out.
"Mino...." I hear concern and he stops moving.
"Please....keep going..." I whisper and he does as I ask. He pulls out once more then reenters myself once more.
"GAH!" I cry out. "Yuki....more please!" I find myself begging him.
"As you wish...." His movements then start to pick up slowly as he pumps himself inside of me.
"OHHH GOD!!!!....MMMMMmmm" My cries of pain soon turn to moans of joy and pleasure. "YUKI!" I scream his name as I wrap my arms around his neck.
He sees my face turn to one of pleasure and he kisses me roughly. His lips leave mine and I find him pulling out of me.
"Don't stop..." I whisper.
"Just give me a second..." I watch as he reaches over the bed and picks up a plastic bag. My heart starts racing as I sit up. He removes the box of condoms and opens it and ripping one free. 
Without thinking I quickly grab the condom package from his hand and he eyes me curiously. My gaze lowers down his body and I see his erected shaft that was inside me moments before. Taking my hand I grab him and rub my hand up and down his shaft.
"MmmmMino...." He moans my name. I pump him some more when I want nothing more then him inside me once more. As I pump him up and down, with my other hand holding the tiny package Yuki gazes at me. I put a corner of the package in my teeth and rip it opened. "FUCK MINO!" He cries out as he watches my actions. I stop pumping him as I take the condom in my hand and slide it onto him. "God damn that was fucking hot!" He moans out as he grabs my body. "Flip over...." He whispers into my ear.
I do as he says and he pulls me up so I am on my hands and knees before him. I feel his tip press against me and I cry in pure pleasure as he enters me once more. "FUCK!!" I cry out as his one hand grips my hips tightly to him as his other reaches down and grabs my own erection. Not only is he thrusting inside of me but pumping me at the same time.
My mind goes hazy as the pleasure takes over me.
"YUKI!" I cry out feeling my body getting close.... "I am so close...." I whimper.
"Me to baby...me TOO!" He cries as he thrust even harder into me. "MINO!" His hand on my hip squeezes me tighter as his hand pumping me moves faster. "FUUUCKKKKK!" He cries out as His body grows shaky. I know he is cumming and knowing that turns me on so much I cum at the same time.
"YUKI!!! Mmmmmmmm" I moan out as my body releases all over his hand.
When we both finish he pulls out from me and I collapse onto my bed. My breathing is ragged as I take deep breaths. I open my eyes to see the mess I made on my bed and my cheeks turn red. "Sorry...." He mumbles as he eyes me. "But fuck that was hot...." He leans over and kisses my cheek. "Did...you enjoy it?" He asks nervously.
"Yes.....very much so...." I whisper. "We need to clean up...." I mutter embarrassed.
"Shall we take a shower?" I turn my gaze onto his handsome face and he is smiling softly at me.
"Ok...." I whisper as we both stand up with shaking bodies. Walking towards the bathroom He grabs my body and slams his lips onto mine. 
"Minoru Urihara....I love you so much."
I blush. "I love you too Yuki..." I whisper.
...


Morning After
I wake up in the morning to find my head laying on something very warm and slowly rising up and down.
Opening my eyes I see my face is laying on a muscular toned chest. Lifting my body softy and very slowly I stare at the half naked man below me.
"So last night wasn't a dream...." I whisper quietly to myself.
Fuyuki's sleeping face lays facing me as he sleeps on his back with his bare chest showing. My eyes linger down his body and see him only wearing his boxers. I feel my face heat up as I think about what happened between us last night.
He and I....Him and me......we.....
I stare at his face as his eyes are closed. His long brown hair slightly falling across his face. Lifting my hand I gently brush his hair off him and gaze at his handsome features. His long eyelashes gentle move the slightest bit as he dreams. A soft giggle escapes my lips as I notice for the first time the slight trace of freckles on his cheeks and across his nose. My eyes travel down to his tempting pink lips and they draw me in. 
I find myself leaning in and gently placing mine against his in a soft delicate kiss. Pulling away his body moves and a small smile appears on his face. 
"Yuki....." I whisper his name quietly. "You have stolen my entire heart...Let me forever be yours..."
Not wanting to wake him just yet, I move as gently as I can and crawl off my bed. Grabbing a pair of loose comfy sweat pants I pull those on over my boxers and grab a loose cotton long sleeved shirt that I pull over my head. Pulling on a pair of socks I walk to the doorway and turn back around. I smile as Fuyuki still lays fast asleep.
I grin and walk towards the kitchen. I start by brewing a fresh pot of coffee and throw the fridge opened. Humming to myself I start to pull all types of food and ingredients out to make us both breakfast.
I start to mix some batter up for waffles and pull out my waffle iron and plug it in to heat up. The smell of coffee wafts through the apartment and I pour myself a cup and add my milk and sugar. Lifting the cup of steaming coffee I take a sip and a relaxed sigh escapes my lips.
I walk over and pull a frying pan out and place it on the stove and start to fry up some hashbrowns and eggs as well. Once those are almost done the waffle iron is fully heated up and I start to pour in the batter and make the waffles until they are a perfect golden brown. 
Humming to myself I go back and forth to the stove and waffle iron making a perfect breakfast.
"Damn it smells amazing in here...." I spin around and see Fuyuki walking towards the kitchen counter and he pulls out a bar stool and sits down. "A man sure could get used to this...." My eyes travel down his body as he is only wearing sweat pants and a robe over his bare chest. Damn he looks freaking sexy....
"Morning...." I grab him a coffee mug and pour some steaming coffee in it for him. I know he likes his coffee black and I place it in front of him.
"Thanks....." He picks it up and takes a sip as I walk back to finish the food. 
As I plate up the now finished food he starts to speak up.
"So....last night....."
I turn around and show him a huge smile on my face. "Last night was amazing...." I walk over and place his plate down before him.
"Your not just saying that right?" I see concern in his eyes. "You don't regret it?"
I walk around the kitchen counter and he turns on his bar stool so he faces me. I raise my hands and run it through his soft long luscious hair. I then cup his face in my hands. "It has been awhile since I last slept with a girl.....but I don't remember sex ever being that amazing.." I whisper as my face turns bright red.
"Damn your so cute...." He whispers.
I lean in and softly kiss his lips. "Did you sleep well?" I ask him softly as I sit next to him and we begin to eat.
"Last night was the best sleep I have had in a long time....." I see a faint blush appear across his cheeks. "Your not hurting today are you?" He glances towards me and looks back to his food.
My face burns even more. "Uhh no....I am fine....." I whisper embarrassed.
"Can I ask...." He pauses then speaks up again. "So would that be something you would willingly do again....with me?"
I smile and nod my head. "Yes....very much so..." I whisper quietly.
"So....." He meets my gaze. "Would you be cool with me then introducing you as my boyfriend?"
I feel my chest tighten and my heart starts to pound rapidly. "Only if I get to call you my boyfriend too..." I smile at him and he leans in and kisses my cheek.
"Mino.....I truly do love you. I always have...."
"I don't know how you did it Yuki, but you somehow made me fall in love with you too." I smile at him.
"I am glad......" He takes another bite of his food. "I said this before and I will say it again. Mino you really should be a chef.....Damn your cooking is the best."
"I am happy you enjoy it...I love cooking and baking for others."
"You will make an amazing father one day...." Fuyuki's eyes grow wide. "Shit....sorry...." He whispers ashamed at what he blurts out.
I place my hand on his shoulder and he looks up at me. "It's fine....really....and I am flattered you think I will."
"Do you think....you would ever consider adopting again?" He asks me in a quiet voice.
"Maybe one day....I honestly do want a child. A little girl...." I close my eyes and an image of me with my daughter holding my hand enters my mind and I smile. I open them and see Fuyuki gazing at me. "What about you? Ever thought about kids?"
"Honestly no....I guess I just consider myself to much as a kid still with all the drinking and partying I do." He laughs and I chuckle with him. "But......." He gazes at me. "Maybe now I can picture having the perfect family...." I feel my cheeks blush pink as he continues to gaze at me. "Yah...maybe one day..." he smiles as we both finish eating.
...


Body Heat
The next morning I get dressed for work wearing my usual black dress pants. Grabbing a deep dark purple long sleeved button up shirt I pull it on my body and button it up. Looking in my closet my eyes travel across the different ties I own debating which to wear.
"Wear this one...." I spin around to see Fuyuki standing in my doorway leaning against the frame. He is holding his hand out and dangling from his index finger is a black tie with deep purple slanted strips across it.
"That isn't one of mine." I say confused as he grins and walks towards me.
"I know that silly. But it is now...."
My blue eyes grow wide. "You got this for me?" I ask in a whisper as my hands touch the smooth soft silky fabric.
"I told you....I think it is a huge turn on when you dress up like this for work. Wearing a button up shirt, a tie...you look hot as hell." My cheeks blush red. "And knowing that when I undress you tonight and this tie is from me...that will make me even more happy."
My face must look like a lobster shell. How can Fuyuki be so open about saying things like that out loud.
"Do you not like it?" He asks in a quiet whisper. "I know you wear a lot of deep purple ties being your favourite colour, so I just thought..."
"I love it!" I smile at him pushing aside my embarrassment. "Yuki...I really do." I whisper as I take the tie and stand before my mirror as I tie it around my neck. I feel Fuyuki's eyes on me as I spin around to show him. "How does it look?"
He remains silent and walks up to me. Cupping my face in his big warm hands he leans down and kisses me. "You look perfect...." He whispers as he pulls his lips away. He glances at his watch and sighs. "I have to go..."
"Where are you going?" I ask curious.
"I have to make a stop at the Newspaper before I go to Shizen. I have to drop off my article then get my next one." He smiles and kisses my lips quickly once more. "I will meet you at work Mino...."
"Ok...." We exit my bedroom and I watch as he grabs his coat and throws it on. I smile at him as he leaves my apartment.
I turn around and my eyes look down the hall to my spare bedroom. I walk over and slowly open the door and flick the lights on. A sad smile spreads across my lips as I step into the pink room.
"If you can hear me Rei...I love you, and I never will forget you. But it's time.....it's time I move on with my life...." I turn my back to the room and flick the lights off and walk to the main entrance. Throwing my coat and scarf on I leave for work.
The cold wind blows strongly against me turning my cheeks pink from the freezing air. Christmas is in a week, and I already know the greatest Christmas gift to give Fuyuki.
My eyes go to the sidewalk as I crunch through the fresh powered snow. I see the cafe up ahead and I smile as I quicken my pace to get out from the freezing air.
Opening the cafe I shake my body and rub my hands together to warm up.
"Could out there?" I hear a soft chuckle. I turn to see Cho smiling at me through her glasses.
"Very...." I smile at her as I walk over.
"Here...." She hands me my coffee and I take a sip to warm my freezing body. "So...have you and Fuyuki made up?"
My cheeks burn red and this time not from the cold.
Cho sees this and smiles. "I am happy to hear that." She smiles at me. "You two do really make a cute couple."
"Thanks....Well I better hurry up and get to work....It was good seeing you Cho." I smile at her and exit the warm coffee shop and back into the biting winter air.
Making my way to Shizen I enter the building to see everyone I pass looking at me oddly. Shaking off these thoughts I walk towards the elevator and step inside.
"Morning Minoru..." I turn to see a cute girl in the elevator alone with me.
"Good morning." I flash her a friendly smile and she blushes like mad.
"I just want to say....what you did was very brave." I look at her oddly. "it must have took guts to do it."
"What?" I stare at her.
"You know....I always had a huge crush on you." She blushes and walks up to me. I step backwards and my back hits the elevators door. "Your so handsome...so friendly....so cute." Unable to move any further I stare at her wide eyed.
"Look....I am in a relationship...." I whisper out.
She smiles. "You are so cute....." She steps right up to me and places her hands on my chest. My blue eyes grow wide as she leans up and places her soft lips against mine. She steps back blushing as I stare at her.
I can't find words to say as I hear the elevator arrive on the 12th floor. The doors chime and slide open. However with my back pressed tightly against the doors I soon find my blue eyes growing wider as my body falls backwards.
"Ugh...." I groan in pain. I open my blue eyes as my purple hair falls across my face. I look up from the ground to see a group of girls in the office staring at me.
"Minoru!" One chimes and rushes to help me up.
"No let me!"
"Uhh thanks....." I whisper as I stand up and rub the back of my neck. I smile at the girls and they all blush. "Well excuse me ladies....." I go to leave when one grabs my arm.
"Minoru can I take you out for dinner tonight!"
"No I want to take him out for drinks!"
"Uhh....." I am at a loss for words as to what is going on. "Look ladies...you all know I am seeing Fuyuki Shido...."
They start to giggle. "Even now he pretends to be the faithful boyfriend....Your so perfect."
"There he is!" My head snaps up to see Mr Kida walking towards me. "Ah the ladies of Shizen haven't been happier then they are today...Sorry but I must steal him away my dears." He chuckles as he wraps his arm around my shoulders and pulls me from the group of girls. I glance over my shoulders only to see the girls blushing and some blowing me kisses.
"Uhhh what is going on?" I ask confused.
"I didn't tell you and Shido as I wanted to surprise you both!"
"Surprise us? Sir I don't understand what you mean...."
"Take a look for yourself!" Mr Kida grins as he points throughout the office.
My heart pounds in my chest. Every worker I see has the newest issue of Shizen in their hands reading it. I walk over to a table and pick up the newest article. My blue eyes grow wide as I stare at the cover photo.
It is of me and Fuyuki both just in our boxers from the photo shoot. I lay on my back with my neck arched back. My face shows pure pleasure as I moan out from Fuyuki licking my neck.
BODY HEAT
Is spread across the cover, I see Fuyuki's and my name on the front cover. Flipping the magazine opened I see it filled with nothing but our article of how places and people we knew reacted to us being a couple. There are hundreds of photos of the two of us from the photo shoot with Fuyuki's hands and lips all over me.
"What do you think my dear boy!" Mr Kida slaps me on my back causing me to jump. "The article is published. Tomorrow it goes out on sale..."
I am speechless as I stare at the magazine in my hands.
"So where is Shido?" Mr Kida asks looking around.
"He had to stop at the newspaper...." I quietly whisper.
"Hmmm it wont be the same around here without him. He sure knows how to lighten the mood around this place..."
"WHAT!" I stare at Mr Kida. "What do you mean sir?"
"Didn't Shido ever tell you? He only took the contract with Shizen for this article....and now that the article is over his contract with Shizen is finished...." I feel a shooting pain stab through my heart. "But don't worry Urihara, I already have another great new partner who is excited to work with you."
"A new partner?" My mind grows fuzzy. "Excuse me sir....I uhhh need to make a phone call!"
"Alright....Listen, tonight I am taking you and Shido both out for drinks to celebrate!"
"Sure...." I whisper as I rush towards my office. Girls throughout the office try to catch my attention but I rush passed them all and throw the office door opened and slam it shut.
My eyes land on Fuyuki's desk and I feel tears forming in my eyes.
...


A Huge Step
I remain in the office silently sitting in Fuyuki's chair at his desk. I can't hold back my tears as they fall from my blue eyes. I guess this is something stupid to get upset over...it's just he never told me this wasn't permanent. What will happen now.....will this change anything between us?
I hear the door open and my face raises to see Fuyuki rushing into the office. "Fuck that Kida....he could have warned us...I got swarmed by girls all asking damned questions about you....if they have a chance with you, how great of a kisser you are...." I hear him sigh and I watch as he turns around. "Mino!" his green eyes grow wide as he sees me sitting at his desk with tears falling from my face.
"Why didn't you ever tell me..." I whisper. He rushes over to me and turns the chair away from the desk to face him. He kneels down on the ground before me and cups my face. "Why didn't you tell me that once the article was finished you would no longer work here..."
I see realization grow in his green eyes. He takes his thumbs and wipes away my tears. "I should have....I am sorry. I guess I never thought much about it at first since this was supposed to be all pretend. You were never supposed to actually fall in love with me."
"But I did...." I whisper.
"Mino.....this doesn't change anything. Your still my boyfriend, we just wont be working together anymore." He smiles at me as he leans in and kisses me softly on the lips.
"Thank you..."I whisper as I smile in return.
"But right now we have a bigger problem....Every girl in this building wants you...."
I bite my lower lip as I blush red. "Yah about that....I didn't know what the hell was going on....and before I could stop her....I did not like it!" I blurt out.
Fuyuki's green eyes cloud over. "What happened....." His voice grows deep.
"I don't even know here name....I was just being friendly and said good morning and smiled at her......"
"Mino...."
"She kissed me!" I watch Fuyuki's eyes grow wider. "I swear Yuki, I did not like it!"
"Damn you and being so bloody perfect!" He growls out as he stands up and looks out the window. "I hate how every girl who lays eyes on you falls in love with you....When you smile at them, I hate when they blush thinking they got a chance with you." I remain silent listening to Fuyuki grumble out. "And now they read the article that said we were pretending to be lovers......" He spins around and grasps my wrist tightly and pulls me to my feet. "Come!"
"What are you doing!" I whisper out as I stare at my insanely jealous boyfriend.
"I am going to bring an end to this shit....." He growls as my eyes only grow wider. "Minoru Urihara...you are mine and only mine. And I plan to make the whole world know that."
...
Sitting at home I still can't get over what Fuyuki did at work. I lay my head back against the couch and close my eyes as I think back to this morning at the office.
Fuyuki pulled me from the office, his hand still gripped onto my wrist. He stops as we are surrounded by coworkers all congratulating us on the article. That it must have took guts to pretend to be gay. Girls smile at me and I feel my face burn red unsure of what Fuyuki plans to do.
"I have an announcement to make!" Yuki shouted out catching the eyes and ears of the entire office. 
"What is it Shido?" Mr Kida asks with interest.
"Look about the article....Yah me and Minoru pretended to be a couple....We pretended to date and be in love, and we tricked everyone into thinking that." He looks to me and smiles. "But truth be told I didn't have to act at all since well...I am gay, always have been." 
The office starts to whisper as Fuyuki speaks again.
"And pretending to date Minoru, well I fell in love with him for real." I hear gasps around me as my cheeks burn even redder. "But the best part of all of this....He fell in love with me too!"
"WHAT!" I hear girls cry out as my cheeks burn even redder.
"It's true...." Fuyuki takes my hand in his and entwines our fingers together. "We are no longer pretending...but actually dating....I just wanted to make that clear!" 
The office grows silent when some co workers come up to us and congratulated us while others tried to hide their sadness."
I groan and run my hands through my purple hair.
"You ok?" I look to see Fuyuki enter the house. After work he had to return to the newspaper. "Look about earlier....I am sorry, I just got really jealous...."
"It's fine....it was kind of a turn on you confessing our love like that." I whisper. I watch as he sits beside me and turns on his computer. I see him open the internet and he sighs out as he starts searching for.
My eyes grow wide.
"Why are you searching for an apartment for rent..." I whisper quietly.
He glances to me and smiles. "The article is over Mino...time for me to get out of your way here and find my own place to live."
My heart pains hearing this. I jump up from the couch and Fuyuki watches me. "You can't do this....first we wont work together anymore...now you want to live somewhere else."
"Mino..."
"No Yuki....I want you to move in here with me!" I blurt out. "I want to live with you!" I yell out.
"You mean that?" he whispers softly as he stands from the couch.
"Yes....I have been thinking about this a lot....." I walk over to him and grab his hand. I pull him after me and we stand outside the second bedroom. I take a deep breath and push it opened, and turn the light on.
"What are you doing..." Fuyuki looks around the room that has cardboard boxes in side it. He turns around to look at me. "Mino don't do this...."
"It's time I move on with my life....I want a life with you...."
"You can have a life with me....but this...." He pulls me into the pink bedroom. "Don't change this room...If your serious about us living together we can share your room."
"I need to move on from my past....I want to move on." I whisper. "I would gladly share my room with you Yuki, but this room...it should turn into something we can both use. Maybe an office. We can get desks. Someplace we can do research...." I watch Fuyuki shake his head.
"I will move in with you on one condition." He whispers as he walks up to me and wraps his strong arms around my body. 
I look up at him. "What do you want?" I whisper.
"Keep this room how it is...." He caresses my cheek with his thumb. "I never saw myself the family type before..." He chuckles out. "But meeting you, falling in love with you...I know you will make the most amazing father, and I want to see that."
"What are you saying..." I whisper silently as I gaze into his green eyes.
"I am saying lets keep this room....for our daughter."
...


New Work Partner?
No words come to my mind as I gaze up at the handsome man before me.
"Mino?" He whispers my name sounding a bit concerned.
I blink my blue eyes and finally manage to whisper out. "Say that again...."
He smiles and his green eyes sparkle with light. "I wish to keep this room how it is for our own daughter."
"Fuyuki.....Do you mean that?" I whisper.
"Every word of it....I have given this a lot of thought Minoru. This is what I want....I want to start a family with you." He holds me to him tighter as he leans down and gently kisses my lips.
Tears form in my eyes and as I blink they fall down my face slowly.
"Whats wrong...." Fuyuki whispers as he wipes away my tears.
"I am just so happy.....I always thought of myself to be a single parent with Rei....But to have you want to adopt with me....."
"So will you not pack away this room then..." He begs of me. I can only shake my head no as I smile up at the man I love. "I love you Mino..." He leans down and gently kisses my lips.
"I love you too..." I whisper as our lips separate.
...
I groan as I get dressed. I look to see Fuyuki chuckling to himself.
"It's not funny!" I groan out as I grab a tie and place it around my neck.
"Stop over reacting...." Fuyuki laughs as he walks up to me and tightens my tie and straightens it out. "Though I am not really fond of the idea of another guy being able to gaze at your handsome face all day...." He sighs.
"I don't want to work with another guy...."
"This is the life of a reporter..." He laughs once more. "You never stick with the same partner and you get shuffled from place to place." He leans in and kisses my cheek. "Just remember at the end of the day you get to come home to me."
"I like the sound of that." I smile as I put my arms around his neck and pull him into a deep kiss.
"So Mino....I was thinking. Christmas is in a couple of days....How would you like to go check out some local orphanages?"
I can't hide the smile on my face. "My original plan for your Christmas gift was to ask you to move in...." I laugh out. "But that sounds perfect."
"Ok....I will look some up. But you need to leave or you will be late for work!" He grins as he shoves me towards the door.
"Do you think they would notice if I didn't show up?" I sigh.
"The whole building would notice...." He laughs as he grabs my scarf. I pull my jacket on and he wraps it around my neck. "I love you."
"Love you to Yuki." I whisper as I exit my apar.....scratch that....Our apartment. This thought makes me smile as I make my way through the snow towards work.
...
Arriving at Shizen I take a deep breath. "I can do this....just someone else to research and write articles with...." 
Entering the building I make my way to the elevators and push the going up button. I stand there in silence as the door finally opens. Stepping inside I press the 12th floor. The doors open and I am greeted by coworkers saying good morning. I smile and greet them back as I walk to my office.
I freeze as I stare at the closed wooden door. The door that once read Shido, Urihara. Now reads Urihara, Okada.
I take a nervous gulp and open the door.
"Ah Urihara there you are!" My eyes land on Mr Kida and he walks over and throws his arm across my shoulders. "Let me introduce you to your new partner. Meet Daniel Okada. Okada this is Minoru Urihara."
My eyes go to Fuyuki's desk and I see another man sitting in the chair. He has shorter hair then mine that is brown. His eyes are a reddish brown and he wears black framed glasses. He looks younger then me as he smiles and stands up.
"It's an honor to finally meet you Minoru." He holds his hand out and I smile at him in return.
"Welcome to Shizen Daniel. I hope we will become great friends."
"I hope so too." He smiles kindly at me. He stands a little taller then me, and I can't help but notice he is very attractive. 
"Good to see you both getting along..I will leave you to finish settling in Okada. And the both of you don't be late. We have a meeting at 11am Sharp."
"Ok." I nod my head and walk over to my desk. I place my work bag down on the desk and remove my scarf. I unzip my jacket and hang in on the back of my chair as I sit down. I feel eyes on me and I raise my gaze to see Daniel looking at me.
"Sorry." He smiles. "I was just really moved with the Body Heat article you wrote."
My cheeks burn red. "Thanks..."
"Was it difficult having to pretend to be gay?"
"Well....about that. I hope this doesn't make you uncomfortable...but you would learn about it anyways. I am actually bisexual..." His reddish brown eyes look at me with interest.
"Really?"
"Uhh yah....but I have a boyfriend." I quickly say.
"Let me take one guess...." He opens his desk drawer and pulls out the article of Body Heat and opens it to the photo spread of Fuyuki all over me. "Fuyuki Shido...." He grins as my cheeks burn even redder.
"Yah....."
"Well he is a very lucky man." I stare at him in confusion. "I am interested to see what our first assignment will be together."
"Yah....me too."
We then spent the rest of the morning talking and getting to know one another better.
"Hey its 10:50, we should head to the meeting room." I say standing up.
"Ok." He smiles and follows me from our office. 
...
The next couple days have went better then I imagined they would. Work has been going great, me and Daniel have really been getting along great. The fact that I am into and dating a guy doesn't even faze him which is nice. I was worried he would be nervous to be around me after that.
We started working on articles together. Nothing crazy like Body Heat but small ones here and there that are coming along great.
Though the best part about my day? Coming home and making dinner for me and Fuyuki. He moved out of the living room and we share my bed every night now. We fall asleep in each others embrace and I haven't been happier.
...


Daniel Okada
"Hey its alright Mino..." Fuyuki whispers to me as we exit the building. I stop and stare back at the orphanage and sigh once more. 
"They were all so cute....and I would gladly give a home to any of them but...."
"You you didn't feel the connection like you did with Rei."
"I am a terrible person..." I whisper.
"Don't say that....I found another one we can visit." Fuyuki smiles at me. "It's a smaller orphanage but I will call them and make an appointment for us to visit."
"Why do you have to be so perfect." I whisper with a smile on my face.
"Mino we are looking to find a daughter to call us her parents...We need to be able to feel a spark when we see her."
"I hope we will find the perfect little girl..." I whisper.
"We will, don't worry." he smiles at me. "Lets not rush it. The day we find our daughter we will know."
"Your right." I hold his hand tightly as we walk down the street together. "Want to get some ramen?" I ask as my eyes see a ramen shop on the corner of the street.
"Sure...sounds good." Yuki grins and we make our way into the small shop.
We enter the warmth of the shop and we walk to a table and sit across from each other.
"So work is going good?" Yuki asks me.
"Yah, me and Daniel are getting along great actually."
"So you traded me in then..." Fuyuki fakes a pout which makes me chuckle. "I am happy to hear its going good. The worst is when your stuck with a partner that you hate and can't even talk to. I think that is why I mainly just do solo works."
"So the newspaper going good still?" He nods his head as a waitress walks over and we order our meals.
"So do you plan to see your family at Christmas?" Yuki asks. I shake my head.
"Not after I saw them last time....I am fine with not being with them." I whisper.
"Are you sure...."
"You saw my father hit me...They don't care about me." I give a weak smile. "Besides I have you....what more do I need?"
"Yah Mino...." He reaches across the table and takes my hand in his. "You have me...."
...
It is Christmas Eve and I get out of bed and get ready for the day. After showering I enter our bedroom to see Fuyuki sitting up in bed. 
"Morning." I lean over and kiss his cheek.
"Off to work?" He asks with a yawn. I nod my head. "You get tomorrow off right?"
"Yah Shizen closes for Christmas and Boxing Day." I smile.
"Good....I have a surprise for you." I watch a grin form across his lips.
"Do I get a hint?" I ask intrigued.
"Nope.....You will have to wait and see." He smiles as he crawls out of bed and I can't help my eyes travel down his muscular body. "Like what you see?" He asks in a seductive whisper.
My cheeks burn red. "You know I do...." I whisper shyly. "I have to go....see you after work." I give him a quick kiss as I rush from the apartment.
...
Arriving at work I make my way to my office and collapse in my chair. I hear the door open and I look up to see Daniel enter.
"Morning Minoru."
"Morning Daniel." I smile at him. 
He walks over and sits in his chair and turns around to gaze out the window. "Do you have plans after work today?" He suddenly asks.
"Plans?"
"Yah...." He turns to me smiling as he looks through his glasses. "I am going out with some of the guys from the 2nd floor for drinks....you should come."
"Sure sounds fun." I pull my phone out and send Fuyuki a quick text.
-Hey I will be home late today. Daniel invited me to go get some drinks with some guys-
I get a response right away.
-ok...have fun, Love you.-
I smile as I stare at my phone.
"Boyfriend?" Daniel chuckles I feel my cheeks burn red and I snap my phone shut. "So will he mind if you hang with some other guys?"
"No...he's cool." I smile while my thoughts think of the man I love. "Do you have a girlfriend Daniel?" I suddenly ask him.
"Nah.....I am just focusing on work right now." He turns to his computer and switches it on. "Though when I find that perfect someone....I will make sure they become mine."
"Well I hope you find someone who makes you happy." I speak with a smile on my lips.
His eyes flicker to mine then back to his computer. "Thanks....so do I."
...
Work ends and I put my jacket on and wrap the scarf around my neck. I watch as Daniel opens his phone.
"Hey the guys are running a bit late...so we are going to beat them there."
"Ok." I grab my work back and throw it over my shoulder as we exit our office. "Man I am happy we get tomorrow off. Any Christmas Plans?" I ask.
"Might just stop by my parents for dinner...nothing crazy, you?"
"Not sure....Fuyuki says he has a surprise for me." I shrug my shoulder.
"Haha that's so cute. Reading the article you guys wrote he doesn't sound like the type to be all romantic like that."
"Yah I wouldn't have thought so to at the beginning." I blush.
"We're here." He smiles as he pushes open the door to the bar and I enter.
"So..." I glance around at the empty tables. "How big of a table do we need?"
I watch his reddish brown eyes scan the room and he lands on one in the back by a fireplace. "Let's sit there. It will be warmer and that's enough space."
"Sure...the fire is a great idea. It's kind of chilly in here." We walk to the table that has a half circled bench seat. I take off my coat and scarf and sit down near the middle of the bench. Daniel takes off his jacket and sits next to me. I look to him and start laughing. "Your glasses are all fogged up."
He groans and takes them off. "Yah, winter is a pain in the ass when it comes to wearing these." He chuckles.
A waitress comes by and hands us some menus. "Can I get you some drinks?"
I glance to Daniel and he shrugs. "May as well as we wait for the guys. I will have a beer." 
She turns to me. "Make that two beers." She smiles and walks off.
"She is kind of cute huh?" Daniel grins. 
I follow his eyes to the waitress and I shrug my shoulder. "I guess."
"Ah come on man. You said your bisexual...I won't go telling your boyfriend you said a girl was cute." He laughs. 
His laugh is contagious and I find myself joining in. "Ok...fine she is cute." I mutter under my breath. I turn to him, "I'm curious Daniel how old are you?"
"I'm 25." He smiles. "You?"
"27."
I don't know how much time has passed as we sat there talking and laughing away.
"Here you guys go." The waitress walks over and places our 4th beers down and takes the empty glasses.
"Thank you!" I smile at her. She blushes and walks away. I pick up my glass and take a sip. I glance to the clock on the wall and I notice it is already 9:11pm. "Uhh.." I place my beer down and look to Daniel who is watching me.
"Whats wrong?" He asks drinking his own beer.
"What happened to the other guys meeting us.
"Don't be mad at me ok...." He whispers. "I lied."
"WHAT!" I blurt out with wide eyes. "Wait....I am confused, Why?"
"I just figured you might have said no if you knew it would be just me..." He shrugs his shoulders.
I pick up my beer and take a sip. 
"You been having a good time right?" He asks quietly.
I place my beer down and give a small smile. "Yah....your a fun guy to hang out with."
"Good...I am glad you think so." He turns his body towards me and smiles softly. "Can I tell you a secret? The real reason I asked you here."
"Uhhh sure.." I take a sip of my beer.
"Minoru....I think your really cute." I choke on the beer as I swallow and I set my cup down.
"Wwwwhat?" I stutter out.
Daniel reaches his hand out to me and cups my face in his hands. "I think your really cute. I have a crush on you." He leans in and I can only stare at him with wide eyes. "I want to make you fall in love with me and make you all mine." He leans in closer to kiss me when I push him away.
"What are you doing!" I gasp out.
"I told you.....I want you to be mine..." He grasps my hand as I pull my hand from his.
"I have a boyfriend..." I whisper as I stand up.
"Your the one who agreed to come here with me...."
"Yah as a friend....and I thought we were meeting other guys!" I stand up and pull my jacket on. I grab some money and slam it down on the table. "Lets just forget this ever happened...." I whisper.
"I can't do that....I am falling in love with you..."
"Daniel...you and me. Nothing will ever happen....I love Fuyuki." I whisper as I rush from the bar.
I pull my phone our and call Fuyuki.
"Mino? It's late where are you?"
"Can you come meet me some where....please" I ask in barely a whisper as tears start to fall from my eyes.
"What happened!" I hear the panic in his voice.
"Daniel tricked me Yuki....he....."
"He what?"
"He confessed he loves me.....He tried to kiss me....I am freaking out."
"Where are you?"
I glance around me. "Uhh near the city center by the big clock....."
"MINORU!" I freeze as Daniel comes running after me.
"Was that him!" Fuyuki growls out. "I will be there in a minute....I will bloody kill him....."
"Stay the hell away from me!" I scream out.
My body flinches as he runs up to me and hugs my body tightly. "Minoru please don't run from me. Give me a chance....I love you...." He leans in and presses his lips against mine.
...


A Jealous Yuki
When 9pm came around and Mino still hasn't come home I start to worry. I glance at my phone and see no text from him.
Call me a paranoid jealous boyfriend....I don't care. I go to the main entrance pull my boots on and grab my winter jacket.
I have no clue where Mino went for drinks but I start looking for him anyways. I am not far from the city center when my phone starts to ring. I answer it right away seeing its from Mino.
"Mino? It's late where are you?"
"Can you come meet me some where....please" I hear what sounds like tears in his voice. My heart starts pounding.
"What happened!"
"Daniel tricked me Yuki....he....." I hear his voice cracking and it stabs my heart.
"He what?" I ask fear growing inside me.
I hear him take a deep breath. "He confessed he loves me.....He tried to kiss me....I am freaking out."
My hand at my side clutches into a tight fist. "Where are you?" I growl out in anger.
Mino grows silent "Uhh near the city center by the big clock....." My heart speeds up as I am not far from there.
"MINORU!" My body tenses as I hear a voice cry out over the phone.
"Was that him! I will be there in a minute....I will bloody kill him....."
"Stay the hell away from me!" Was the last thing I heard Mino yell as I start running towards the city center.
I run through the snow almost falling from slipping on the icy pavement below my feet. I turn around the corner and I freeze in my spot. Both my hands turn into fists as my blood boils. My green eyes burn with fire as I see some asshole grab my Minoru and slam his lips onto his.
I run forward and grab the mans jacket and rip him off of my boyfriend. I throw the man down onto the icy snow covered ground and I pull Mino behind my body.
"You fucking ever lay one finger on him again and I swear I will bloody kill you...." I growl out through clenched teeth.
I feel Minoru place his hands on my body from behind and I can feel him shaking through my winter jacket.
I watch the fucking asshole push himself to his feet and he stands up. "Fuck Fuyuki....you didn't have to be that rough....."
My eyes grow wide as I recognize that voice. I watch as the man raises his head and smiles at me through those glasses I used to love so dearly.
I take a shaky step away from from him.
"Not happy to see me I guess..." He grins.
"Dannie....." I gasp out.
"WHAT!" Mino steps out from behind me. He gazes from me to Dannie and back to me.
"Daniel....as in.....your ex Dannie?" Mino whispers in shock. His eyes waver as he glances back to the man who broke my heart. My hands start to shake as I realize the man Mino has been enjoying working with is the fucker who cheated on me.
I watch as Dannie's reddish brown eyes go from me to gazing at Minoru. He reaches out to him and I step between them.
"I mean it Dannie don't you fucking touch him! Mino is mine...."
"You always were the possessive type...I remember when you used to be like that with me. You know I did truly wish we could make it work between us again....Especially that night a month ago when you came crawling back to me and we slept together. But you refused to take me back after that night. But that's fine, I got my eyes on someone much better."
"Fuck you..." I growl out.
"See you at work after the holiday Mino..." He grins and winks then walks off.
"Yuki?" I stand there frozen in my spot as I watch Dannie walk down the street. "Yuki....." I feel Mino take my hand and it pulls me from my thoughts.
"Lets go..." I whisper as I wrap my arm around his shoulders and walk back to our place in silence.
I feel Mino glancing at me as we walk in silence, I know he wants to say something but he just doesn't know what to say.
We get to the apartment and I unlock the door and we enter in silence. I kick off my boots and throw my jacket in the closet and walk to the couch and flop down onto it.
"I didn't know....." raise my gaze and I see Mino standing there his head hanging tears falling down his cheeks. "Do you still love him?"
"Mino...." I stand and run to him wrapping my arms around his body. "No....I hate him....."
"Yuki, he is the man who broke your heart....." Mino cries into my chest. "I had fun at work with him....I thought he was a great guy....then he.....tells me he loves me." I feel his body shake and I hold him even tighter. "Are you mad at me?"
"No I am not mad at you....You said his name was Daniel....in the two years I dated him I never called him that. He said he hated that name and he only ever went by Dannie.....I had no clue it could have been him." I whisper trying to calm him down.
"Yuki, what do I do....." He whispers as I lead him to the couch and we sit down. I pull his body onto my lap as he lays his head against my chest.
"Leave that fucker to me..." I whisper as I rub my hand up and down his back. "Just avoid being alone with him as best as you can."
"I will try...." Mino's body still is shaking as I hold him tightly.
I wont lie. Learning it was Dannie hit me hard, it made me feel like I had all the air punched out of me. Knowing his lips...the ones I have kissed so many times during the two years we dated....the lips he betrayed me with as he slept with the other man breaking my heart....knowing his lips kissed Mino's.
I place my hands on Mino's face and lift him up. He looks at me with sad blue eyes. His purple hair falls messily around his face. 
I pull him in and kiss his lips. "I am the only one ever allowed to kiss you.." I whisper as I kiss him again. "I am the only one ever allowed to hold you...." My lips take his once more. "The only one allowed to touch you...." I whisper as I kiss him over and over.
"Fuyuki...." He whispers my name in between our kisses and my racing heart races even more but for a different reason. "I love you." He whispers.
"I love you too Mino.....Look tomorrow is Christmas and I have that surprise for you....Lets forget about tonight and enjoy each others touch." I whisper.
I grin as I watch him blush, he reaches his hand out to me and unties my hair letting it fall loose around my face and shoulders. "I love your hair...." He whispers. I close my eyes as he runs his hand through it. Fuck I love his touch. I feel him press his lips against mine and I melt into his soft sweet kisses. 
...


Beauty of The Moon
I wake up in bed completely naked in the arms of my lover...Fuyuki Shido.
The memory of last night events sends a shiver through my body. I can't believe this whole time Daniel the guy I thought could be a fun friend to hang with...that he is Dannie.
I gaze at Fuyuki's sleeping face
"How could anyone hurt you like he did...." I whisper as I brush his brown hair from his face. Fuyuki is the most amazing man I have ever met. How could anyone willingly throw him away like Dannie did. I know him seeing Dannie last night was a huge shock to him. I could tell by the way he held me on the couch. The way he kissed me. The way he made love to me. It was different then the first time. It was still amazing...but I knew his mind was troubled. I smile as I think of how he was trying to stay strong for me, when this probably hurt him more then me. 
Leaning down I kiss his forehead and pull my boxers on and some sweat pants. I place socks on my feet and throw the first random shirt on that I find. I chuckle as I realize it is Yuki's.
I walk to the kitchen and I open the fridge wonderinr what to make Fuyuki for Christmas Breakfast. Pulling out eggs, veggies, ham, milk. I grab a bowl and and mix some eggs and let them sit to the side. I grab some flour and butter and mix it with the milk to create a soft dough that I roll out and cut into circles. 
Turning around I get the pot of coffee starting to brew as I begin to chop up the veggies and ham. I walk to the oven and preheat it as I pull a muffin tray and line the tray with the soft dough circles creating dough bowls. I take the veggies and ham and mix them in with the egg and pour the mixture into the dough shaped bowls. Taking extra dough I place them over top like a lid and I turn around and place the tray in side the oven. Setting the timer I go back to the fridge and grab some store bought fruit and start to cut those up as I mix them into a fruit salad with some yogurt.
I jump as I feel warm arms wrap around my body. "Morning." His deep voice sounds half asleep as he whispers into my ear. "Merry Christmas Mino....and fuck....seeing you wearing my shirt is a major turn on." I shiver in delight from his hot breath on my ear. 
"Merry Christmas Yuki" I turn in his arms and smile at him.
"Have I ever told you how perfect you are..." He whispers softly as he kisses my lips.
I close my eyes enjoying his lips on me when the oven buzzer goes and I jump away from his loving embrace. I open the oven and pull out the muffin tray.
"What are those?" Fuyuki asks me eyeing the tray curiously as he grabs two coffee mugs. I watch him pour the coffee and adds the perfect amount of cream and sugar in mine while leaving his black.
"I made homemade quiches."
"They smell amazing...." He walks over placing the coffee mugs down as he sits down and watches me plate the quiches. I place them in front of him and take a sip of my coffee. I watch as he cuts into them and takes a bite. He closes his eyes and sighs happily. "Damn theses are amazing." I smile as he enjoys my homemade cooking.
...
When we finished eating we got dressed and Yuki takes me outside and he pulls me onto a city bus.
"So where are we going?" I ask curious.
"Told you...its a surprise..." He grins as he wraps his arms around me.
We ride the bus for about twenty minutes and we hop off. Fuyuki takes my hand and he starts leading me down a street and he stops in front of a building.
"This is......" My voice trails off.
"Yah...they rebuilt here in a new location. It is quite smaller then the original building...but I thought it was worth a try." I turn to see Fuyuki smiling softly at me.
I look back to the building and the weathered sign before me makes me smile.
Osaka Orphanage
Yuki places his hands around my waist as he stands behind me. "Shall we go inside? I called the new owners and they are thrilled to meet us and to let us look around. Mino are you ok."
"Yah...Your just.....your perfect." I whisper as I turn my head to smile up at him.
He leans down and kisses me. "Lets go see if we will find our Christmas Miracle here." I nod my head and allow him to lead me up the shoveled walkway to the small orphanage.
Walking up to the door it opens before we can knock and a lady I recognize smiles at us. She was one of the main workers at the original orphanage across town before it burnt down.
"Mr Urihara," She smiles at me through her glasses. "A pleasure to see you again. And you must be Mr Shido."
I am too stunned to say anything as Fuyuki nods his head and shakes her hand. "Mrs Tanaka I take it..." She smiles. "Thank you for letting us come today to meet the children."
"I am always thrilled when a young couple wishes to adopt a child." she smiles at us.
"Its wonderful to see you again." I finally whisper with a smile.
"Come in side...." She smiles and welcomes us in.
She shows us into the orphanage and we enter a room where young boys and girls are playing. There is gift wrap piled in a corner and I smile as I watch them play with the gifts Santa brought them.
"They are all so happy..." I whisper. Fuyuki hugs me and kisses my cheek.
"What do you say Mino....Shall we go find our daughter?" I cant stop the huge smile on my face as I grasp Yuki's hand and we walk around and talk to the children.
I giggle as I see how great Fuyuki is with the kids. He will be a perfect father, watching him makes my heart race.
"They are all so sweet...how on earth can you pick one?" He whispers as he walks over to me.
My eyes scan the room and I freeze. My heart beats faster as my eyes gaze on a young girl sitting alone across the room.
"Mino?"
I walk away from Fuyuki and towards the child.
"Look kitty.....we got a new friend!" She giggles as she holds up a brown teddy bear. "Lets call him..." She stops to think. Her big brown eyes open wide and she giggles. "Lets name him Mr Fluffy!" she places the stuffed bear on the table beside the orange stuffed cat. The very same stuffed cat that Rei introduced me too the day I first met her.
I kneel down by the kids table and she looks at me with her beautiful brown eyes. She has chocolate brown hair that is tied back in a ponytail. 
"Did you come to play!" She smiles at me. She giggles and points to the stuffed cat, "This is kitty...and this is Mr Fluffy!" She holds up her new teddy bear. "Santa brought him to be our new friend."
"Whats your name." I ask her softly.
"Luna....it means moon!" She giggles.
"Luna....that is a beautiful name. I'm Minoru."
She giggles and her hand reaches out and touches my purple hair. "Your hair is pretty...its my favourite colour."
"Purple is my favourite colour too." I smile at her.
...
Fuyuki's PoV
I cant take my eyes off of the scene before.
"Your hair is pretty....its my favourite colour." I watch the young girl touch Mino's hair.
"Purple is my favourite colour too." He smiles softly. "I love your kitty and Mr Fluffy." He smiles. "How old are you Luna?"
"I am this many!" She holds up three fingers.
"Mr Shido..." I turn my gaze from the beautiful sight before me to Mrs Tanaka. I only have to smile at her and she smiles in return. "I will get the papers ready to sign."
"Thank you...." I whisper.
I turn back to my love and he is smiling while talking to Luna.
"Can I introduce you to someone really special to me Luna." She nods her head and Mino turns his eyes to me. He holds out his hand and I smile as I walk over and take his hand in mine. "Luna this is Fuyuki."
She giggles. "You have pretty hair too! and its the same colour as mine!"
I feel Mino squeeze my hand, and I squeeze his in return. We look into each other's eyes and smile. We both know this little girl. She will be coming home with us one day very soon. 
...


If This Is a Dream...Don't Wake Me
I can't stop smiling. Fuyuki holds my hand tightly as we walk down the walkway away from the orphanage.
"Is this truly real?" I whisper. "Or am I dreaming...if this is a dream, don't wake me..."
"Mino...." I turn towards Fuyuki. "This is very much real." He smiles at me. A huge gust of winter wind blows around us as he pulls me into his strong embrace. The wind picks up some of the fresh dusting of snow and blows it around our bodies. "Some may think we are moving to fast. I know we haven't known each other very long at all....but I truly love you. And to bring you here...to find a little girl to call our own....I have never been happier." He cups my chilled face in his big hands and leans in towards me. I feel his hot breath warm my face as his lips meet mine. As he pulls away the once again cold winter air hits my slightly flushed face. "Merry Christmas Minoru..."
"Merry Christmas Fuyuki...." I smile as he takes my hand in his and we make our way once again down the snow covered street.
We walk in silence, but it is a comfortable silence.
"It's really cold out this morning huh?" Fuyuki whispers.
"Hey look. Lets stop there!" I point to a cafe. "I am actually shocked its opened Christmas Morning."
"Yah...but lets go and warm up for a bit before we catch the bus back." Fuyuki smiles as his grip on my hand tightens as we run across the freshly snow covered street.
I reach my hand to open the door when Fuyuki beats me to it. He grins at me as I blush slightly as I enter the warmth of the building.
"Oh Good Morning!" A younger boy calls from behind the counter. "Just sit anywhere and I will be right with you!"
"Let's sit by the window...." I smile as I walk over and collapse my body onto one of the padded bench seats. Just as I start to pull my coat off my phone buzzes. "Do you mind?" 
"No go ahead." Fuyuki smiles at me.
I quickly open my phone and press it to my ear.
"Hello?" I sigh out. "Kiki...whats wrong?......No I already told them I wouldn't be there.......No not after what they tried to do last time.......I don't care if they are angry....." I groan as I look to Fuyuki. "Look can we talk about this later.....Yah..." I sigh out. "Fine....but  not for long, got it?....Yah love ya too."
I hang up my cell and shove it in my pocket.
"Everything ok?"
"Yah, sorry about that. Kiki said my parents are pissed I never came home for Christmas....Though its not like I have any other year. They just want to try and set me up with that girl again...." 
"Well I won't let her steal you from me." Fuyuki grins at me with his gorgeous bright green eyes. His long brown hair falls across his shoulders as part of it is tied back.
I bite my lower lip. "I hope you don't mind.....but Kiki really wanted to see us....and she is kind of coming over for dinner."
"That's wonderful." Fuyuki smiles at me. "She is family after all, it will be nice to spend Christmas Day with some family."
"Fuyuki...I have been wondering this since I met you..."
"What Minoru?" He asks. Just then the server comes over. 
"Can I get you both some coffee?"
"Yes please." Fuyuki speaks. "One black, one with cream and just a little sugar."
"Coming right up!" The guy smiles at us. "Would you also like to see a menu for some early lunch?"
Fuyuki glances to me. "Actually I am kind of hungry." I smiles.
"Sure thing. I will be right back with the coffees and menus." The boy smiles and walks off to the front counter.
"Anyways..." I gaze back to Fuyuki. "What have you been wondering about?"
"Right.....well its just." I stop talking. Should I even ask him something so personal. "Its kind of personal....maybe I shouldn't ask."
"Mino..." He reaches across the table and takes my hand in his. "I am your boyfriend...you should feel comfortable in asking me anything. If you want to know something about me just ask, I want you to know everything."
"Well I was just wondering about your family. You have never mentioned them...." I watch as Fuyuki's once happy smile drops.
"Oh....them...."
"Shoud I not have asked then?"
"No...I guess you have the right to know....." He sighs out. 
"Here you go!" Fuyuki lets go of my hand as the server places our coffees before us and hands us the menus.
"Thanks...." I flash him a smile and to my shock the boy slightly blushes.
"Uhh...your welcome, I will be back to take your orders in a bit." And he rushes away. 
"Seriously!" Fuyuki groans out.... "Even guys now are falling for you and that damned smile."
"Sorry....." I whisper. I drop my head and my purple hair falls across my face. 
"It's not your fault you are utterly irresistible..." He sighs out and stares into my blue eyes. "Look about my family.....I haven't spoken to them in 15 years."
My eyes go wide. I watch as his green eyes cloud over in sadness. I don't know what to say as he stares at the menu.
"Have you had a chance to look?" The boy walks back over to us.
"Uhh yah." Fuyuki smiles at him. "I will have the pancakes."
"Ok. and for you?" the boy blushes as he gazes at me.
"What? oh right....Uhh the veggie omelette." I smile and he rushes away. I stare at Fuyuki in a stunned silence. I have no idea what to say.
"You don't need to feel bad for me." He whispers. "I was 9 years old when my parents dropped me off at the local orphanage. I was sad and hurt they never came back for me, to this day I still don't know what I did. But I pushed through that. And I grew to be this famous reporter. I made a life for myself, and now I have an even better home then I could have imagined with you....and now in a short couple of weeks once the papers are done we will have our own child." I watch him lift the cup of coffee to his lips and take a sip. "I guess it just hurts more then anything to see you have parents who want you in their life, when you push them away."
"You saw why I did....My parents have always been forceful on me as a kid. It always had to be their way or no way. I got tired of it and walked out. I separated myself from them for the past 5 years. Honestly I don't even want them in my life...all they do is yell at me. Tell me I am living my life wrong....That wasn't the first time my father has hit me...."
"Lets make a promise then to each other." I stare at the man I love. "Once Luna is ours, we will promise to be the parents she wants to stay in her life."
"I want nothing more then that....." I smile. "We have a lot to think about before she can come home with us."
"Yah?" Fuyuki looks to me.
"Well yah. I mean normally the wife stays home with the child as the husband works...." I mutter.
"Well I mean working for the newspaper I am home quite a lot. The joy of my job is I can do it anywhere."
"I think I might quit Shizen." I blurt out.
"Mino.....What? Why would you? You have dreamed of being a reporter and now you are...Is this because of Dannie?" His voice grows cold.
"Yes and No...."
"You can't let him steal this dream from you."
"My biggest dream in life wasn't becoming a reporter...but to hold a little girl in my arms as she called me her dad."
"Don't rush into this thought please...." Yuki begs of me.
"If I did quit.....would you be disappointed in me Yuki?"
"Of course not.....I just want you to be happy..."
"I promise to not to anything rash about it....I just wanted you to know my thoughts."
"Thanks for telling me." I look at Fuyuki and smile at him.
"Sorry to interrupt..." The boy smiles at us as he places our food before us. "Can I get you anything else?"
"Some more coffee would be nice." I smile at him.
"Right away!" He blushes and runs off.
"Seriously Mino....You need to stop smiling at people...." Fuyuki groans out as I chuckle.
"I don't mean anything by it.." I laugh out loud as I bite into my omelette.
"Mino I love you."
I blush as I gaze into Fuyuki's green eyes. "I love you too." I take another bite of my food. 
"Can I ask you one thing now?" I nod my head as I eat my food. "Why Luna? What was so different about her then all the other children we met?"
I can't stop the smile from appearing on my face. I watch as a look of happiness crosses Fuyuki's face as he gazes at me.
"I felt like Rei was pushing me towards her."
"What do you mean?" Fuyuki asks as he eats his pancakes.
"Her stuffed cat." I smile as I remember how happy she was. "That is the same stuffed cat Rei introduced me to the first day I met her." I watch Fuyuki's green eyes grow wide. "I can't explain it...I just..."
"No, trust me I understand..." He smiles at me. "Luna truly was perfect." Fuyuki takes a sip from his coffee. "So now we have a bigger issue to decide on before the adoption process is complete."
"Like what?"
"Will she be Luna Urihara, or Luna Shido...." My eyes open wide, I have to admit I never thought about that. I stare at my food and bite my lower lip. 
"I have always imagined my daughter to take my last name.....but now...."
"Now?"
I gaze at Fuyuki. "I want her to take your name...."
"Mino....what are you saying."
"I just......" I feel my face burning even redder. "If you and I are serious about each other.....I uhhh..."
Fuyuki chuckles and my blue eyes meet his. "Are you saying that if I were to ask you to take my last name as your own, you would?" I can feel my face burning from my blush. "Mino your too perfect."
"I...uhhh...." I am so embarrassed.
"So Luna Shido...."
"I think it sounds perfect." I whisper.
"No what else sounds perfect. I look into his dazzling green eyes. His brown long hair falls around his face and grazes his shoulders. "Minoru Shido..."
"That does sound nice..." I whisper flustered.
Silence falls on the both of us as we smile at one another as we finish our meals. I can't help but smile as I gaze to Fuyuki. I truly do love him with all my heart. And if the day comes he does ask me to marry him. I know I wouldn't hesitate with my answer. 
...
Sorry this update took so long. Will try to get the next chapter out soon!!!!
So much fluff!! I know haha


Christmas Presents
On the way home after eating at the cafe Fuyuki and I stopped at the local grocery store and bought food for our Christmas Dinner.
"God I hope we didn't forget anything..." I grumble as we finally arrive at our apartment and drop the grocery bags off in the kitchen.
"Well if we did, I will run to the store if need be." Fuyuki smiles at me, then leans in to kiss my cheek. "First things first lets put all this away."
"Do you think Luna will be teased and have a hard time growing up..." I suddenly blurt out.
"Mino what are you talking about?"
"Well....I can just imagine how she may get treated growing up with two dads and no mom....."
"Hey...." Fuyuki walks over to me and wraps his arms around my body pulling me into his tight embrace. "Luna will grow up in a house filled with those who love her. I can't say she wont be teased...it may be a possibility. But she will always come home to us who love her."
"Yah, your right." I smile.
"So what time did Kiki say she was coming over?" Fuyuki asks as we finish putting the food away.
"I told her not to come before 5pm."
"Good....so can I give you your other Christmas present now then?" I turn to see Fuyuki grinning at me.
"There's more?" I stare at him in shock.
"Yes....." He takes my hand and I find him pulling me across the apartment. Soon I find my back being pressed onto our bed. "I want to give you all of my love..." He whispers as his lips capture mine.
"Yuki...." I whisper his name as his lips travel down my neck to my collarbone. "GAH!" I gasp when he once again finds my one spot that makes me moan. I feel his grin as his tongue glides along my skin. Shivers run through my entire body from his touch.
"Minoru....Merry Christmas." Fuyuki whispers as he starts to move lower down my body while his hands finish unbuttoning my shirt. 
I take my hands and grasp Fuyuki's face as I pull him up to mine. I grin as I roll us over and straddle his waist. His green eyes gaze up at me.
"Merry Christmas Fuyuki." I smile as I lean down to kiss him. My deep purple hair falls around my face and dances across Fuyuki's as I deepen our kiss. My hands roam his body as I lick his lower lip. He lets me in and our tongues massage against one anothers. I shove my tongue deeper into his mouth causing a moan to erupt from Fuyuki's throat. I pull away to see him gazing at me with lust and want in his eyes. "Let me give you a present..." I smile shyly as I feel my cheeks blush.
I grab the bottom hem of his shirt. I tug it up slightly, Fuyuki grins as he pushes his body up allowing me to remove it. Placing my hands on his now bare naked masculine chest I push him roughly back down onto the bed.
"I must say Mino....when you act dominant...its a major fucking turn on." I feel my cheeks burn red, which makes him smile.
"Well....lets just see how much I can turn you on..." I whisper quietly. I feel a shiver pass through Fuyuki's body and I smile. I kiss his chest and flick my tongue over his hardened nipples.
"Mmmm" I look up to see Yuki's eyes closed as his mouth is partly opened. Placing my lips over one I suck on him while my tongue glides across him. Slowly I lower my lips down his stomach. As I near his jeans I take my hands and unbuckle them. Taking my hand I place it over Fuyuki's erection that is showing through his jeans. "Mmmm Mino.....Your a tease..." He moans out. 
Something in me takes over. "I want to hear you moan my name...." I whisper as I pull his jeans free from his body. My eyes travel down his body and my heart pounds seeing the tent in his boxers. I playfully slip my finger under his waist band. My blue eyes watch Fuyuki's reaction. His body squirms beneath me.
I slowly pull his boxers down his legs. My eyes land on his huge man hood. My heart pounds harder in my chest as I grasp him in my hand.
"AH!" I look up to see Fuyuki arching his head back as he moans from my touch. I smile as I pump him slowly with my hand.
"Mmmm Mino!" His breathing starts to grow ragged as I quicken the pace of my hand. "FUCK!" he cries out as I suddenly take his entire member in my mouth. I glide my tongue against his shaft as I move my head up and down. With one of my hands gripping his thigh I reach the other up and rub it over one of his nipples. I taste his preseed enter my mouth, and this makes my blood pump in my veins.
I glance up at him as I suck him. I see his head leaning back as his back is arched. One of his hands is clenched tightly onto the bedding below his body.
"Mmmm Ngh!" His moans turn me on as I move my head quicker up and down his shaft. "MINO!" Suddenly I feel his hand gripping my purple hair. I allow him to move my head quicker as his body begins to shake below me. "FUCK MINO!" He cries out. "Mino....I'm going....to cum......" His voice is rough and husky from moaning. "MMMMMMINO!" I feel his seed squirt inside my mouth as his body trembles. "Fuck...that was amazing."
As I swallow his saltiness I feel my body get flipped over as soon as I remove my mouth from him. I stare up into Fuyuki's dazzling green eyes. I feel my face burn a deep red as I gaze at him.
"Minoru...." He smiles at me as his fingers graze along my cheek. "I love you." He leans in and captures my lips in a kiss. I feel his hands travel from my face down to my bare chest. His hands go lower as he undoes my jeans. "Now let me make you scream." I arch my body to help him remove my jeans and boxers. 
"NGH!" A gasp escapes my throat as Yuki takes my hard on in his hands. He pumps me quickly while I grasp my hands onto his body. I feel his hand slipping on me easily as my preseed drips down his hand. Suddenly his hand stops massaging me as he grasps my legs and spreads them. He pushes one of my thighs up while he takes his finger and pushes it slowly inside of me. "AH!" I moan out.
"Your so fucking hot Mino...." I cant stop the blush from creeping on my already flushed face. "I love making you blush......" He whispers as he pulls his finger out of me. "I got something to make it feel better this time...." He says as I watch him grab a bottle of lube. I watch as he rubs some along his once again erected man hood. His hand then runs along my entrance. I shiver at the coldness against my skin.
"Fuyuki please....." I beg. 
"Please what?" He grins. "Say it Mino."
"Fuck me.....Make love to me."
"As you wish...." 
"AH!" my voice echos through our bedroom as he thrusts inside me. "YUKI!" I scream his name in pure pleasure and ecstasy. I watch him adjust his body as he kneels before me. His muscular body glistens from the thin layer of sweat that covers both of our bodies. Watching him thrust in and out of me turns me on. "MMMmmmmm" I moan.
"Scream my name again....." Yuki whispers as his hand that isn't gripping my thigh grabs my erection.
"NGH MMMMM" I pant as he thrusts in and out of me while pumping my shaft. "Yuki....I can't last much longer....."
"Me either...." He pulls out and quickly slips on a condom. Then re enters my body just as quickly as he left it.
"YUKI!" My hands find his legs and I grip onto them. "Fuck!" I moan out. Fuyuki inside me....its the greatest feeling.....
"Mino.....mmmmm....fuck ya....."
Hearing Fuyuki beginning to moan I know he is about to release. This turns me on.
I feel my orgasm coming to its climax as I arch my back. Fuyuki slams deeper inside of me as I scream out. "FUYUKI!!! MMMMMM" I feel my seed squirt from my body as it hits both Fuyuki and my own chest.
"FUCK!" Yuki cries as his body trembles he grips my things tighter as he releases once more. He pulls out of me and collapses beside me.
I lay there my eyes closed trying to catch my breath.
"Mino...." I open my eyes to see Fuyuki gazing at me lovingly. He leans in and kisses me softly. "We need to clean up." he chuckles. 
I nod my head as Yuki helps pull me up. "Fuyuki.....I love you." 
He cups my face in his burning hands. "I love you too Minoru Urihara." His lips meet mine in a soft sweet passionate kiss.
...


Family Dinner
After showering and getting cleaned up I make my way to the kitchen to start prepping dinner.
"Can I help with anything?" Fuyuki asks as he sits at the kitchen counter on a bar stool. I walk over and brew some coffee and smile at him. 
"No, it's fine really."
"I love watching you in the kitchen. You seem so at peace." I smile hearing this from him. "You love to cook and bake don't you."
"Yah....I don't know why. I just love to create things I guess."
"You said you may quit Shizen...." The coffee now brewed I walk over and pour two cups. I hand one to Fuyuki and he smiles at me, "Thanks."
"I just don't know if reporting is all I thought it would be you know...."
"Well if you decide to quit I will support your decision." Fuyuki smiles at me as I add my cream and sugar and take a sip from my coffee. "I think if you do quit you should do something that makes you smile. Like baking."
"A baker huh?" I toss the idea around in my head. "I honestly never considered it before. I do love to bake." I can't stop the smile from forming on my lips as my eyes land on the folder on the counter. Fuyuki follows my gaze and he too smiles. 
I watch him open the folder and there is a picture of Luna and our adoption information. "We will tell Kiki tonight right?" He asks as he looks up at me.
"She was so happy before when I told her I was adopting Rei.....She will be so excited to be an aunt." I smile more, "I can't wait to tell her!"
Fuyuki breaks out into laughter, "This coming from the guy who almost killed her last time she stayed here."
My cheeks burn red. "Well yah.....she is my annoying little sister. It's my job to want to kill her....." I mutter. "But she is my little sister in the end, I do love her, after all she is my family." Walking to the fridge I stop and gaze at Fuyuki. "Can I ask something?" My eyes grow wide. "Never mind...I shouldn't."
"What?"
"It's about what you told me earlier....." I bite my lower lip.
"You mean my family dumping me off at the orphanage? I told you Mino, I have moved on from it. Trust me I am fine." I hear a sigh escape him as he stands and walks to me wrapping his arms around my body. "What about it?"
"Have you tried to find them? To ask them why? I'm sorry....this doesn't concern me at all...."
"It does concern you Mino. Your my family now. You deserve to know everything about me." He hugs my back tighter to him as he rests his chin on my shoulder. I look at his face. 
"So did you ever look for them?"
"Yah.....I used all the search methods available to me with my reporting job. I guess I did want to know why...I wanted to ask what I did for them to not love me anymore." I watch him close his eyes. "I found them when I was 21."
"And what did they say?" I ask so quietly I don't know if he even heard me.
"Nothing.....I couldn't ask them. All I could do was leave flowers at their graves." My blue eyes fly open wide. "Turns out they were in a car accident. My mother died upon impact, while my father was rushed to emergency. He didn't even make it through the night."
"Fuyuki I am so sorry...I shouldn't have asked."
"It's fine....trust me." He smiles at me and cups his face. "Please don't feel sad for me. I have all the family I need now. I have you....and soon our little girl."
"Were you ever adopted then?"
"No. It's hard to get adopted when your 9 years old. But I spent my years at the orphanage helping raise the younger kids. I was the big brother none of them had. I left when I turned 18 and got my own place."
"So writing that article must have been really hard on you then....coming from an orphanage yourself."
"Yah....like I said, that article was the hardest I ever wrote. I almost turned down the offer, but at the same time I didn't want anyone else to write it."
I wrap my arms around him and pull him into a kiss. "You truly are amazing Fuyuki Shido." I grin at him as I pull away and open the fridge. I pull food out to start dinner.
"Sure I can't help with anything?"
I shake my head. "No....I'm good." I can't stop the huge smile from forming on my face.
Suddenly my phone begins to ring. "Oh its Kiki..." I say as I open it and place it to my ear. "Hey Kiki, you on your way?.....what!....No.....look listen to me, calm down...." I feel eyes on me and Fuyuki stares at me. "Ok....Kiki listen to me, There is a small cafe in the station....go and wait inside there....do not leave that cafe! I will get Fuyuki to come get you ok?" Fuyuki stands up and rushes to the entrance to pull his coat on. "Ok good, wait there he is leaving now." I hang up and run to the entrance.
"What happened?" Fuyuki asks as he pulls his shoes on.
"Kiki said on the train there are some guys who kept staring at her. They followed her when she got off the train. Fuyuki she was crying, she is so scared."
He walks to me and cups my face. "She is in the cafe right now?" I nod my head. "Ok. Mino she is safe.....I will run there as fast as I can and bring her here. I will text you when I get to her ok?" I nod my head. "Go work on dinner and I will be back with your sister."
"Thanks...."
"She is lucky to have a wonderful older brother like you." He kisses me on the cheek then runs from the building. I walk over to the window and after a couple minutes I can see Fuyuki running down the street while fresh snow falls around him.
"I'm the lucky one....to find a guy like you." My heart beats in my chest knowing how much Fuyuki truly loves me. He even is running to get my little sister for me. I raise my hand and lay it against my chest feeling my rapidly beating heart. "Fuyuki....I love you." I smile as I enter the kitchen and start getting the chicken ready for dinner. 
Placing the chicken in the oven my phone beeps. I grab it seeing its Fuyuki.
-With Kiki...she is startled but safe, we will be home in a little bit-
My heart calms down as I send a reply.
-Thank you Yuki....thank you-
Half an hour passes by the time I hear the front door open. I drop what I was doing and rush to the entrance.
"Kiki!" 
"Minoru!" She runs to me, her long purple hair falls around her as she throws her arms around my body.
"You ok? They didn't touch you did they?"
"No...." She whispers. "But I was afraid if I walked alone they might...."
"You did the right thing to call me" I pull her tightly into my arms. I raise my gaze and I see Fuyuki smiling at the two of us. I smile at him and mouth 'thank you' to him.
"It smells really good in here." Kiki whispers against my chest.
"Right! I need to get back to cooking." I chuckle as I walk my sister into the apartment.
She sits down at the kitchen counted as Fuyuki sits next to her. "So I saw the article you two wrote...." I see her cheeks tinge pink.
"Oh that...." I laugh nervously.
"So you two are really together I am guessing though?"
"You got that right!" Fuyuki grins. "Actually Mino asked me to move in here with him....so yah."
"I am happy for you two." Kiki smiles. "I am happy my brother finally found someone to make him happy."
"What did mom and dad say about the article?" I ask curious.
"They were thrilled thinking it was all a sham. They want to force the wedding even more now...." She chuckles.
"Well you can tell them that will never happen." I look from my sisters pale blue eyes to Fuyuki's green ones. "You can tell them me and Fuyuki are very serious about each other...."
"That we are...." Fuyuki stands and walks over to me hugging me kissing my cheek.
"Your both so cute together!" Kiki giggles. "So Fuyuki, did you move into Mino's room or the spare room?"
"Yah....about that...." I smile. I walk over and push the folder on the counter in front of my sister. "We want you to be the first to know...."
"To know what?" She asks as she slowly opens the folder. "Whats......this?"
"That's Luna...." I whisper I feel Fuyuki's arm around my waist tighten. "In a couple of weeks she will be our daughter."
"YOUR ADOPTING!" She jumps from the stool and runs to both of us. "I AM SO HAPPY!" She throws her arms around the both of us. "I will be an aunt!" 
Fuyuki can't stop the chuckle from escaping his lips. "Well you were right that she would be happy..." 
"Told you..." I smile as I continue cooking. Fuyuki walks back over and sits beside Kiki once more as she holds the picture of Luna.
"She is so precious!" She gazes at me with a smile. "Luna Urihara...I like it."
"Actually....." My cheeks burn red. "It is going to be Luna Shido..."
Kiki's eyes grow wide. "Wait....are you two?"
"No...." Fuyuki chuckles.... "Not yet anyways." His green eyes flash over to me and I can't stop blushing. "One day.....one day maybe very soon, Mino will become Minoru Shido." 
...


Yuki.......
"Look Dannie isn't stupid." I glance up to Fuyuki as I pull a shirt on. "He wont try anything with you at the office, not while others are there."
"I don't think I have ever been so terrified to go to work..."
"Mino." Fuyuki walks over to me and wraps the purple and black stripped tie he bought me around my neck. "If your not alone with him nothing will happen."
"How can I even look at him....after all he has done. Confessing to me..kissing me.....breaking your heart."
"If he never broke my heart then you and I would have never got together...." 
"Yuki..." He leans down and kisses me gently. "But Kiki is here....maybe I should call Kida and say I can't come..."
"Mino go to work....Kiki and I will be here waiting for you when you return." He smiles at me. "Just remember....if he does try anything, I will kill him." I watch a flash of lightening flash through Yuki's green eyes.
Yuki takes my hand in his and pulls me from our bedroom. My piercing blue eyes land on Kiki who is fast asleep on the couch.
"Go...I will take care of Kiki for you."
I walk over and pull my winter jacket on. Placing my gloves on Fuyuki grabs my scarf and wraps it around my neck. "I love you Mino...."
I smile softly at him. "I love you too." I lean up and gently kiss his lips. "I will call you when I am almost done work."
Sadly I leave our apartment and make my way through the snowy winter wonderland. Walking down the street a block from the apartment my eyes land on the local bakery. I walk to the window and gaze inside.
"A baker huh?" I mutter as I continue down the street. 
Arriving at Shizen I take a deep steady breath as I stand and wait for the elevator to open. As the doors chime I step inside. Making it to the the 12th floor I step out to see the office quieter then normal.
"Ah Urihara have good holidays?" I see Mr Kida walk towards me.
"Yes Sir, and you?"
"To short!" He chuckles. "Though today will be a short day..most of the staff aren't even showing up today."
"Oh...is that so?"
"Yah, so don't worry Urihara, I wont keep you apart from Shido for too long today!" He sends me a wink as I feel my cheeks burn with embarrassment.
I watch him walk to his office and I do the same. Maybe Daniel is one of the ones who wont show....this thought makes me smile.
Opening my office door I freeze. Sitting there in my chair is Daniel. His short brown hair falls across his reddish brown eyes. He gazes at me through his glasses.
"Minoru!" He smiles as he stands up. My body seems to freeze as he walks over and collapses at his own desk. "I wasn't sure if I was going to be seeing you today." I silently walk over and place my work bag on my desk. "Look I should apologize...I was drunk that night..."
"Are you trying to tell me you didn't mean it when you said your going to make me yours?"
He chuckles as he readjusts his glasses. "No I meant that.....I just, the way I went about it scared you, and I am sorry about that."
"Well you and I will never happen....."
"I originally planned to win Fuyuki back...over a month ago when he came to me drunk, I thought I got my wish....but then he pushed me away saying that was a mistake. Then I read this..." He holds out the Body Heat issue. "After reading this, I knew Fuyuki wasn't the guy for me....but you are."
I run my hands through my purple hair. I have no idea what to do or say....I am freaking out.
As the day passes I do my best to ignore Daniel as best I can.
A knock on our door makes me jump. "Come in..." Daniel calls from his desk.
"Ah I just wanted to let you both know the rest of the office is leaving for the day along with myself."
"Great!" Daniel smiles, "I was hoping to get off early today." I watch him grab his coat and head for the door.
"Urihara don't you want to go home?"
"Is it ok if I finish this first?"
"Of course....other floors are staying longer....the doors will be open till closing."
"Thanks Sir."
"Kida how about I walk you out!" Daniel smiles as he grabs his bag.
"Sounds great."
I watch them both leave and I sigh out alone.
I grab my phone and call Yuki as promised.
"Hey Yuki......yah, the rest of the Lifestyle Office left for the day....no don't worry he left....I am alone now......I am going to stay a little longer to finish my article and then I will come home.....Love you too....You don't have to come here....ok see you soon then." I hang up smiling. Yuki is to perfect, he is going to walk over to pick me up.
I stand from my desk after finishing my article and walk to the printer across the room to grab my papers. My heart beats fast knowing Yuki will be here soon.
Just as I think this I feel strong arms wrap around my body from behind. I feel Yuki lean his forehead against my back as his hands start to roam my body. I feel his hot breath hit my neck and I shiver as I close my eyes enjoying his kisses. His hands move down my body and rubs against my member in my jeans.
"Yuki!" I gasp out as his hands unbuckle and unzip my black work pants. He shoves his hands in my pants and under my boxers. My whole body shivers as he grasps my shaft. His lips make their way up my neck to my ear when he whispers.
"I have held back for too long....."
My blue eyes open wide. That was not Yuki's voice. I manage to push his hands and body away as I spin around. "Daniel!"
"Your so hot....." He grasps my body and shoves me against the wall. His lips slam against mine while his hands work on unbuttoning my shirt.
"Get off of me!" I cry out.
"There is no one here to hear you...." tears start to form in my eyes as fear takes over me. "I will make you mine...I will give you all my love...."
"No!" I try to shove him off with my hands. But he only grasps my hands in one of his and holds them above my head. "Please....Don't do this!" my tears fall from my eyes as I can't get him off of me. He is too strong. His free hand runs along my chest as my shirt hangs open. "Daniel stop this please!" I cry as his hand only moves lower down my body.
"I will make you fall in love with me....."
I bite my lower lip as tears fall down my face. He slowly slips his finger under the band of my boxers. "Please......stop...." I whimper.
"I will give you so much pleasure....." His hand slips under my boxers and he once again runs his fingers along my man hood. I squeeze my eyes shut knowing I can't stop him. He kisses my neck roughly while his hand begins to pump me up and down slowly.
"Daniel.....please stop.....don't..." I whisper through my tears. My wrists start to burn from pain as he squeezes them together above my head. 
He removes his hand from my boxers and pushes down my work pants. I feel them fall around my ankles as complete fear takes over me. My blue eyes open wide as I hear another zipper slowly unzipping. I look at Daniel to see him pulling himself out from his pants.
"STOP!" I scream out. My breathing grows heavy as he slowly pulls my boxers down. I feel his member rub against mine and I bite my lower lip as my tears only fall harder down my face.
Daniel takes his free hand and grasps one of my thighs lifting it. I feel his erected member pressing against my entrance and I am completely defenseless against him. I feel him push himself inside me as I bite my lip even harder causing it to start bleeding.
"I knew you would feel amazing...." He whispers into my ear then licks it.
"Mino I..........." My eyes open wide as I hear the door open and standing there with fire in his eyes is Fuyuki. 
"Yuki....." I whisper through my tears, my voice trembling.....
...


.............
I told Kiki to stay in the apartment as I went to pick up her brother. I know Minoru said I didn't have to come get him....but I needed to see him. I had to make sure for myself that Dannie didn't lay one single finger on him. 
I clench my hand into a fist as I crunch through the snow. If he so much as touched him....He is dead man. I quicken my pace as I desperately need to see Mino right now. Running the rest of the way I push open the main door to Shizen Magz and rush to the elevator.
As the chime rings and the doors open I step out onto the 12th floor. It is as Mino said, everyone left. The place is deserted. Walking through the office I stop and stare at the door to the office I shared with Mino. 
Urihara, Okada
I feel a twinge of jealousy stab my heart. Then I realize I could have stopped the whole Dannie thing from happening. I never did as Mino what Daniel's last name was....
Sighing I place my hand on the door handle. I just want to see the man I love with that smile on his face that makes my knees go weak. 
I push open the door. "Mino I..........." My body freezes at the sight before me. Forcefully holding Mino to the wall while fucking him is Dannie.
"Yuki....." I see tears in Mino's eyes as his voice trembles in fear when he sees me.
I have never been so pissed before in my life. I feel my blood boiling as I run to Dannie and grab the collar of his shirt and rip him off of my lover. I clench my hands into fists as my teeth grind together.
"Dannie....." I growl out as he quickly does up his pants. Out of the corner of my eyes I watch Minoru collapse to the floor. "Your...dead."
"Fuyuki calm down....we can both have our fun with Minoru..."
"You FUCKER!" I scream as I run at him and punch him in the face. I hear his glasses break as they fall to the ground. I grasp his shirt and slam his back against the door. Raising my fist I punch him again. He tries to swing a hit at me but I easily catch his arm and twist it around causing him to double over in pain. I raise my knee up and slam it into his stomach. 
Releasing my grasp on him he slumps to the ground as I jump on him and start to hit him over and over again.
"You......raped him!" I only get angrier and angrier as I stare at the man who I used to love. I punch his face and I hear a loud crack knowing his nose just broke as the blood gushes from it. "How dare you do that to him! How dare you touch him!"
"Yuki....." My anger fades as I hear Minoru's trembling quiet voice. Standing up I kick Dannie hard in the side causing him to groan out in pain as I rush to Mino.
I collapse to my knees before him as I wrap my arms tightly around him. His entire body is shaking as the tears fall from his eyes. He remains silent as he clutches onto my shirt tightly. I can't stop my hands from shaking as I stand Minoru up and I help his shaking hands pull his boxers and pants back up. I glare at the now passed out Dannie on the floor as I guide Minoru from the office.
"Baby sit....." I place him into a chair and rush to get him some water. I walk back to him to see him hugging himself unable to stop his tears from falling. I have never been so angry before in my life. If Mino didn't call my name when he did. I am positive I would have beaten Dannie until he stopped breathing. "Here...." I hold the glass of water and he takes it in his shaking hands.
Standing up I run my hand through my brown hair and pull my cell phone out. Flipping it opened I glance back to my lover and I see the fear in his eyes as he stares into the water in the glass. My fingers dial and I hear a ladies voice on the other end.
"911, whats your emergency?"
"I want to report an assault of rape."
After I tell her the information, I know it wont be long till the cops show up as I dial another number. "Hey Kida....you need to get to Shizen as quick as you can....Dannie...uhh Daniel sexually assaulted Minoru, I already called 911."
Closing my phone I place it in my pocket. My eyes flash to Mino, he as still yet to say anything besides when he whispered my name.
"Mino..." I kneel before him. His face is pale and he is slightly coated in sweat. "Your alright now." I whisper. But he only shakes his head no as more tears fall from his eyes. Wrapping my arms around him, I hold him tightly to me. I run my one hand soothingly up and down his back as I hear the elevator chime sound. 
I turn my gaze to see a flustered looking Kida running towards us with policemen behind him. "Shido what do you mean Daniel sexually assaulted Urihara!" He freezes as he sees the shaking Mino in my arms.
"Sir please, let us handle this." The cop says as he walks over to us and kneels down.
"Urihara was it?"
"Minoru Urihara." I speak up.
"Is what he said true....were you assaulted?" I gaze to the face of the man I love and he squeezes his eyes shut and can only bring himself to nod his head. "Where is his attacker?"
"In their office...." I look to Kida.
"This way!" He gets the cops to follow him as a lady approaches us. She kneels down. 
"Minoru?" She glances at me and I nod my head. "Minoru I am here to make sure you are not harmed in anyway. "Your lip is bleeding. did he hit you?" Mino shakes his head no. "But he sexually attacked you." Mino nods his head. She turns to me, "He is in shock..."
"Can I just take him home...."
"First we would like a word with you Mr Shido." I turn to see the cops carrying the unconscious Dannie. "We are assuming this wasn't Mr Urihara's doing.
"What the fuck was I supposed to do!" My anger rises. "I came here to pick Mino up, when I find that Fucking Bastard raping him....raping MY LOVER!"
"We understand....just please next time leave it for the law to handle..."
"Can I take him home now...."
"Yes.....we will take care of the rest....Though may I get some contact information if we need to reach you for anything else?"
"Yah...." I pull out my wallet and hand them one of my business cards.
"Kida....Mino won't be attending work for awhile." I speak as calmly as I can. 
"Of course....can I do anything else?"
"Did you drive here?"
"Yah....I will give you both a ride home."
I nod my head in thanks and we sit in the car. "The entire office doesn't need to learn what happened do they?"
"No....no one but myself and yourselves will know the details....I will think of something to tell the others....just take care of Urihara...I don't like seeing him like this."
"I will." He pulls the car over in front of our apartment. "Thanks for the drive."
"Shido....contact me for anything got it?"
"Yah....bye Kida."
I notice Mino looking tired as I pick him up in my arms. 
"Were home baby." I say softly as I open the main entrance and walk to the elevator. Stepping out onto the 7th floor I walk to our place and unlock the door and enter with Mino still tightly in my arms.
"Minoru! Fuyuki!" I hear Kiki's cheerful voice. "I made dinner....but you both are so late it went cold....." She jumps up from the couch as her eyes land on Mino in my arms. "What happened!" She cries out. 
"Kiki not now...." I whisper.
"But......" Her pale blue eyes waver at the sight of her trembling frightened older brother in my arms. 
"Later....please....." She nods her head as I walk down the hall and gently lay Mino on our bed. I stand up and walk over to shut the bedroom door. 
Turning around I see Mino curled up in a ball with fresh tears falling from his eyes. I walk over and curl up behind him wrapping my arms around him tightly. "Your safe now....I'm here."
I whisper softly into my lovers ear until his crying finally comes to a stop. I gaze down at his tear stained face to see him fast asleep.
"I will never let him come near you ever again....if he does I will kill him next time." I whisper as I gently kiss his cheek. "I love you Mino.......I just wish I got to you sooner....."
...


Make Me Forget
"I have held back for too long....."
My blue eyes open wide. That was not Yuki's voice. I manage to push his hands and body away as I spin around. "Daniel!"
"Your so hot....." He grasps my body and shoves me against the wall. His lips slam against mine while his hands work on unbuttoning my shirt.
"Get off of me!" I cry out.
"There is no one here to hear you...." tears start to form in my eyes as fear takes over me. "I will make you mine...I will give you all my love...."
"I will make you fall in love with me....."
"I will give you so much pleasure....." His hand slips under my boxers and he once again runs his fingers along my man hood. I squeeze my eyes shut knowing I can't stop him. He kisses my neck roughly while his hand begins to pump me up and down slowly.
"Daniel.....please stop.....don't..."
Daniel takes his free hand and grasps one of my thighs lifting it. I feel his erected member pressing against my entrance and I am completely defenseless against him. I feel him push himself inside me as I bite my lip even harder causing it to start bleeding.
"I knew you would feel amazing...."
I bolt up in bed. My eyes water as the memories of yesterday haunt my dreams. I pull my knees up to my chest and hug them. My heart races in my chest as I sit there unable to move. The image of Daniel forcing himself on me keeps entering my mind.
"No......please....." I whisper as my hands run through my deep purple hair. "I don't want to remember it...." I whisper. "Let me forget...."
I have never once been so afraid in my life....knowing there was nothing I could do to stop him scared me. I could only stand there crying as he touched me....as he......as he..................
"Raped me...."
Shivers run through my body. I need to see Fuyuki....Slowly I stand from our bed and I see my reflection in a mirror. My purple hair is a mess....my clothes are a disaster. I rip off my clothes and pull on a pair of loose comfortable sweatpants and I cotton long sleeve shirt over my shaking body. My skin is pale as can be, my lower lip is slightly swollen from biting it so hard.
Taking a deep breath to calm my nerves I walk across our bedroom and place my hand on the handle. Stopping I glance over my shoulder to see the clock on the bedside table flashing 11:13am. A suppressed sigh escapes my lips as I turn the handle and open the door.
"Just let me know if I am in the way....I can return home." I hear Kiki's soft voice speak.
"It's fine really....It makes Mino happy having you..." My heart pains as I hear his voice...I need him to hold me in his strong arms. Fuyuki makes me feel so safe and protected.
"I'm worried....is Minoru alright?" I hear the panic in my little sisters voice as I slowly walk down the hallway.
"He's......in shock..."
I push my body to enter the living room. Sitting on the couch is Fuyuki and my sister.
"Yuki..........." Their heads snap up at the sound of my quiet whisper.
"Mino!" Fuyuki rushes to me. "You should be sleeping." I shake my head as my eyes falter. 
"The memories.....I.....I..can't...." 
"Minoru? What happened..." I turn my gaze to my sister. So Fuyuki didn't tell her the truth....I am thankful for that.
"I.......I...." I close my eyes tightly.
"There is no one here to hear you....I will make you mine...I will give you all my love...."
"I knew you would feel amazing...."
"NO!!!" I scream out as I clutch at my head. My knees grow weak. As I start to fall Fuyuki wraps his arms around me.
"Mino.....look at me...."
"I don't want.......the memories......I want to forget......"
I feel my body get picked up, "Kiki could you maybe make some tea?" Fuyuki's deep voice speaks out.
"Yah.......ok...."
"Baby your safe..." I feel my body get placed down. I slowly open my blue eyes and see Fuyuki sat down on the couch with me on his lap. His arms around me tighten as he whispers into my ear to calm me. "He will never touch you again.....I will never let him even look at you....."
"Did...." Kiki speaks up from the kitchen. "Did someone attack my brother? I have never seen him so afraid before....."
"Yes......someone assaulted your brother....that is all you need to know."
"Minoru......" I turn my gaze to see my 16 year old sister holding a cup of tea out for me. "Drink this, it will help calm you." She then places it on the coffee table. 
"Kiki....." She smiles softly at me. "Thanks...." I whisper.
"I'm going out with friends.....I will let you two be alone....."
"Kiki be safe our there." Yuki says as she walks to the doorway.
"I will....take care of my brother. I will be back for dinner."
I hear the door open and close. "Mino...." I lean my head against Fuyuki's masculine chest.
"Hold me...." I whisper as tears fall from my blue eyes once more.
"Forever....." He whispers as his grasp on me tightens. I feel his lips press against my head. "I love you so much....I am sorry I didn't get there sooner....."
"I told you not to come get me.......if you didn't...."
"Shhhh...."
"I can't get his touch out of my head.........his hands......lips....his....."
"Baby.....Think of me....nothing else....."
I raise my gaze and I see pain in Yuki's dazzling green eyes. Reaching my hands up I cup his face. "Make me forget his touch......Yuki please.....Make me forget about him.....I want to only remember your touch." I lean up and place my quivering lips against his.
"Minoru...." Fuyuki removes his arms from my body as I wrap mine around his neck. He gently takes my chin in his right hand while his left goes to the back of my neck. Leaning in he captures my lips in a kiss filled with his passion and love. 
As our lips move together as one I feel his tongue glide across my swollen plump lip. Opening my mouth he enters and our tongues massage one anothers. Our kiss only grows deeper as our tongues dance together. The way our lips move and lock together feels perfect, that me and Fuyuki Shido were made for each other.
As our lips separate his tongue playfully teases mine as a string of saliva keeps us connected together.
Fuyuki captures my lips with his once more as my mind grows hazy. I run my fingers up into his hair as I remove his tie allowing his long brown hair to cascade around him. I hear a deep growl escape Fuyuki's throat as he moves me from his lap to laying on the couch. I gaze up at him as he holds his body above mine.
I see fire flash across his eyes. "Where the fuck did he touch you....."
"Yuki?"
"I will erase his touch with my own." His finger grazes along my neck. "Did he touch you here?" I nod my head as his lips make quick work of attacking my neck.
"Yuki!" I gasp as he roughly kisses my neck, sucking on it as he goes. 
"These marks mean you belong to me....and me alone." His voice is deep and rough as he growls out before kissing my skin more. "Did he touch you here...." He whispers into my ear.
"Yes...."
I shiver as Yuki licks my ear with his tongue before kissing and nibbling on my earlobe.
"Here?" He whispers as his fingers lift my shirt up.
"Ye...GAH!" I gasp out as his tongue flicks across my nipples. "Yuki....."
"I will make your body forget his touch....and only remember mine..." His lips attack my body with kisses as he slowly starts to pull down my sweat pants. "I will die before I let another man touch you....or have his way with you."
"Nnah!" I cant stop the noises and moans from escaping my throat as Yuki puts his hand in my boxers and grasps my now fully erected member. My eyes close as I arch my back in pleasure from Fuyuki's possessiveness. Him acting this way is a huge turn on.
"Minoru Urihara.....your mine."
...


Healing
I woke up alone in bed to find Fuyuki already left for work. I sit up and sigh as I run my hands through my deep purple hair. The nightmares have finally stopped but I still can't bring myself to return to work yet.  
It has been over a week since the event with Daniel. Mr Kida wishes me not to rush coming back to work, but honestly I don't even know if I want to. Whats the point if Fuyuki isn't there anymore? It's all because of Fuyuki I got the chance to become a reporter. If it wasn't for him I would still be a proof editor. I have considered many times if I should contact Mr Gaya and ask for my old job back. But in my heart I no longer wish to be at Shizen anymore. It doesn't make me happy like I thought it would. Plus knowing if I returned to my office I would only have memories of Daniel raping me enter my mind all over again.
I crawl out of bed and my body shivers as the cold morning air hits me. I dress in comfortable clothing and exit my bedroom. Entering the living room I find Kiki fast asleep on the couch. She told me and Yuki she was going to return home, but I begged her to stay a little longer. She still doesn't know the exact details what happened with me....she thinks some guy attacked me and tried to rob me on the way home from work. I hate lying to her....but what would she think of an older brother who couldn't even protect himself form being sexually assaulted.
I walk back towards the bathroom and brush my teeth and hair and re walk into the living room.
"Morning Minoru." 
I see Kiki smiling at me. "Hey, Morning."
"Fuyuki already at work?" She asks as she glances to her cell to see the time.
"Yah...." I haven't been out of the house since the whole incident. "Hey Kiki?"
"Hmm?" She smiles at me as she stretches her arms above her head.
"Do you want to go to a cafe and get some coffee with me? Then maybe we can go grocery shopping and make something for dinner?" I watch her pale blue eyes light up.
"Of course!" She jumps up and rushes into the bathroom to freshen up. 
I walk over and sit on the couch. I know it would do me good to get out of the apartment...I have been in here a whole week already.
I hear the bathroom door open and out skips Kiki. I watch as her long purple hair flies around her as she leaves it down.
"You really want to go out with me?" Her smiles is contagious as I give a small one of my own in return.
"Yah...."
"I am so happy to hear that!" She grins as she rushes to the main hallway and pulls her winter coat on. "Come on slow poke!" She calls to me.
Grabbing my wallet and keys I chuckle slightly as I join her in pulling my winter coat and scarf on.
We remain silent as our shoes crunch through the fresh snow on the sidewalks. As we turn a corner I freeze in fear as I see a man with short brown hair and glasses. Images of Daniel race through my mind.
"Minoru?" I turn to see Kiki looking at me worried. "You want to go back home?"
"No....." I whisper as I shove my hands in my jacket pockets and keep walking. I know he is in jail right now. I have nothing to be afraid of. 
"Minoru." I glance to Kiki. "I know you see me as just a child only being 16....but if you ever want to talk about what happened.....I am here for you." I blink at her. "I won't think of you any differently..." She whispers.
"I am too ashamed to tell you...." I mutter under my breath. My bright blue eyes stare at the snow covered sidewalk. My deep purple hair falls across my face as it blows in the wind. "Come on." I pull one of my hands out of my pocket and grasp Kiki's hand in mine. I pull her across the street and we enter the small cafe.
"Minoru!" Cho smiles at me, I only glance to her and walk over collapsing down into a seat. "Hey...you ok?" I look up at the blonde. Her blue eyes shine through her glasses. "Who is this?" She motions to Kiki.
"This is Kiki, My younger sister." I quietly speak. "Cho can we get two coffees? The usual...Kiki you want something to eat?"
"Do you have blueberry scones?"
"Yes we do."
"Can I have one please?"
"Make that two..." I mutter. 
"Minoru your acting odd today, and I haven't seen you in over a week."
"I've been busy." I snap a little to harshly. "Cho..." I sigh out. "Sorry....a lot is going on in my life right now."
"You and Fuyuki fighting?"
"No.....he is the only thing good in my life right now...."
"HEY!" Kiki cries out from across from me. 
"Sorry Kiki...." I mutter.
"Ok...well I will be back with your food and drinks." Cho smiles and walks off.
Me and Kiki sit in silence as Cho places our order before us then walks off to help other customers.
I look up at my little sister. "Will you really not think of me differently?" I whisper. 
"What?"
"If I tell you the truth....I hate lying to you Kiki...But I am afraid of what you will think of me..."
I watch my 16 year old sister smile at me as she holds her hand out across the table. I reach my own out to her and she holds my hand tightly as she sips her coffee. 
"Your my big brother. I will always look up to you even if we do want to kill each other half the time." She giggles out.
"I will tell you....just please don't tell mom or dad."
"Of course not." She smiles at me and I know I can trust her.
"Well after the whole Body Heat article Fuyuki no longer works for Shizen and we aren't partners anymore. I got assigned a new partner named...." I take a deep breath. "Daniel." I bite my lower lip then raise my coffee and take a sip. Placing the mug down I speak softly. "He and I got along really great, I thought we could be good friends. Christmas Eve he asked me to join him and some guys from Shizen for drinks. Turns out he tricked me into getting me alone with him and drunk. He confessed he loved me and kissed me."
"What!" Kiki gasps out. "I bet Fuyuki was pissed off."
"Yah....I called Yuki to come meet me and he saw Daniel kiss me. He punched him in the face. But then he realized Daniel was his ex boyfriend who he dated for two years." I mutter darkly. Kiki remains silent as I sip my coffee. 
"After Christmas I went back to work completely terrified to see him. I didn't know what he was planning to do. He told me he loved me and he was going to make me his....." I feel shivers run through my body. "Work ended early that day and everyone left.....I stayed late to finish an article and Yuki was on his way to pick me up......." My voice falters.
"Minoru....." Kiki squeezes my hand. "If you don't want to tell me then don't..."
"No...I don't want to lie to you anymore...." I close my eyes. "I felt someone hug me from behind and start to kiss my neck. I thought it was Yuki at first, but it was Daniel.....I was too weak and pathetic to stop him.....he....he......"
"Mino you don't have to say it....I know where your going with this....." I tighten my grip on her hand while my other runs through my hair and over my face. 
"I couldn't stop him.....He held me up against the wall......"
"Mino...." I look to Kiki to see tears falling from her pale blue eyes.
"You were so scared Christmas day of those guys at the train station....What they would have done to you if you were alone.....I felt too ashamed to tell you that I got raped by another man...." I whisper in a shaky voice. "I must look pathetic to you....your 27 year old brother was raped by a 25 year old."
"I don't think your pathetic....." Kiki stands up and walks over to me hugging me tightly. "I think your the bravest person I know....to go through something like that, but to try and remain strong for me."
"Kiki...." I hug her tightly.
"You want to go home?"
"No....I still want to go shopping. I want to make something for Yuki......" I mutter.
"Ok....what do you want to make?" She smiles at me.
"Dinner and a cake for dessert." I smile. "It has been too long since I last cooked anything. Yuki loves my cooking. I know he has been trying this past week but he really isn't the best cook." I lightly laugh.
"Ok thank god....." Kiki sighs out. "I didn't want to say anything, thinking you liked his meals...." She smiles at me. "Well lets surprise him to a huge home cooked meal and a cake when he comes home from work."
"Yah...." I smile picturing Yuki's shocked and happy face. I pick up my blueberry scone and take a bite. "I feel better telling you..." I whisper.
"I am glad you did." Kiki sips her coffee. "So now what? Time to push through and move on in life?" Kiki asks me.
"Yah, something like that......I mean Luna will be coming home with us very soon....so I need to talk to Yuki about some changes." I mutter.
"I can't wait to meet her!" Kiki smiles.
"Do you want to go see her today?" I ask. 
"Could we?" Her pale blue eyes light up.
"Mrs Tanaka told me and Yuki to visit when ever we pleased....I would love to see her again." I smile remembering her brown hair and big brown eyes.
"Would Fuyuki be upset we went without him?" Kiki asks worried.
I smile. "I think it would make him happy knowing I took you to meet our daughter."
"I still can't believe you and Fuyuki are going to be fathers."
"Yah......" I smile my first real smile in over a week. "I want you to meet her.....lets go after we finish here. Then we can go shopping and surprise Yuki with dinner and dessert." My heart beats faster in my chest as I finally have something to look forward too. I look to my younger sister who smiles while nodding her head as she eats her blueberry scone. I pull out my phone and send a quick text to Yuki. 
-I love you so much-
...


Osaka Orphanage
"Come on Kiki!" I grasp her hand tightly. "Hurry before we miss the bus!" I smile at me sister over my shoulder as we run down the snow covered streets.
"I'm coming, I'm coming!" She giggles out at me.
"Look there's the bus!" I wave my one free hand praying the bus will wait for us. I sigh in relief as I see the driver open the doors. "Phew....made it..." I breath out a heavy sigh. "Thanks..." I smile at the lady driving the bus. I pull enough change out for me and Kiki and we take our tickets.
"Your welcome." The lady smiles at me with a tinge of pink to her cheeks.
Not again....I think to myself. Yuki would have gotten jealous again if he was here. This thought makes me smile. To be honest I love with he gets all possessive and super jealous over me. It is such a huge turn on.
Still holding Kiki's hand I pull her to the back of the bus and we both collapse into seats trying to slow our racing hearts.
"You know we could have caught the next bus...." Kiki giggles as my face flushes red.
"But then we would of had to wait 15 minutes....and I want to see Luna...." I grumble.
"Minoru your to cute." She giggles. "Fuyuki is such a lucky guy."
"Thanks..." I smile hearing this.
"I am happy you found someone who makes you happy."
"Me too." I pull out my phone as it buzzes showing I received a text. I smile as I see it's from Yuki.
-I love you too Baby-
I cant hide my smile as Kiki leans over and glances at me phone. "You two are so sappy its adorable." She pokes my cheek.
My phone beeps again and I see another text from Yuki.
-I have some free time at lunch. Can I take you out? We could go for ramen-
I grin.
-I would love to....but me and Kiki are on the bus to Osaka Orphanage...I want her to meet Luna, your not mad we going without you are you?-
He replies instantly.
-No I am not mad. I am happy to hear that....You and Kiki have fun, give Luna a huge hug for me, I need to get back to work, see you tonight Mino-
-I will, bye Yuki-
"So he isn't mad?"
"No he is happy."
I smile as me and Kiki sit on the bus making small talk. 20 minutes later I reach out and pull the stop cord and the bus comes to a stop.
"Come on." I grin, and we both climb off the bus into the cold winter air once more. Kiki grasps onto my hand tightly. I glance down to my younger sister and smile at her. "Luna will love you. She will love your hair." I chuckle.
"My hair?"
"Purple is her favourite colour. She said she loved my pretty hair last time." I smile remembering how cute and perfect she is.
"I'm happy Minoru, I was afraid after the Rei incident you would never adopt again."
"I wasn't going to....but Yuki..." I smile. "I've always wanted to have a daughter." I stop walking as the orphanage appears at the end of the street. "Well, we're here." I smile and we walk up to the front door.
I knock on the door and it slowly opens to show an older boy. "Hi, I am here to see Mrs Tanaka." I smile at him.
He slowly opens the door wider. He looks a couple years younger then Kiki.
"Auntie!" He calls out as we step inside.
"Eric what is it...oh Mr Urihara!" she smiles when she sees me. 
"Hello Mrs Tanaka, hope you don't mind us stopping by unannounced." 
"Nonsense..I was hoping you and Fuyuki would come by. The papers are in and I need some signatures and who's name she is to be adopted under." She glances to Kiki beside me.
"Fuyuki is at work, but I brought my younger sister to meet Luna."
"Luna will be so happy to see you, she has been asking about you and Mr Shido."
"She has?" 
"Yes, she has been asking if you were her new Dads. She is happy to get two new Fathers."
Hearing this causes my heart to race. "May we see her?"
"Please follow me. She is actually outside with some of the other children playing in the snow out back."
We walk through the orphanage. We walk up to a glass sliding door. My eyes instantly land on Luna as she laughs while playing in the snow. Her brown hair is down as she has a winter toque over her head.
"Minoru which one is Luna?" Kiki asks me as I can't stop the smile from playing on my lips.
"The one in the purple jacket." I smile.
"She is so adorable."
"Please go talk to her. Stay as long as you like, then we can go over the paperwork before you leave." Mrs Tanaka smiles.
"Of course." I smile at her. "Thank you." I open the sliding door and Kiki follows after me as we enter the backyard.
"Who is that?" One of the children asks seeing me.
Luna spins around and her eyes land on me. "That's one of my Daddies!" She cries out as she runs to me. 
I bend down and she jumps into my arms. I hug her to me, I have never felt so happy before. "Hello beautiful." I smile at her.
"Daddy where is my other Daddy?"
"He couldn't come today Luna...but I brought someone else for you to meet."
Her big brown eyes land on Kiki, "You have pretty hair like Daddies!" She smiles as Kiki laughs.
"This is Kiki, she is your Auntie."
Luna giggles and grabs my hand. "Daddy come play!"
How I wish Yuki was here to see this. I turn around to see Kiki holding her phone out and aiming it as us.
"Kiki what are you doing?"
"I was just thinking your probably wishing Fuyuki was here....so I am videoing you and Luna so we can show him at dinner." She smiles at me.
"Daddy lets make a snowman! Then we can go in and play with Kitty and Mr Fluffy!" She smiles up at me.
Me and Kiki spent the morning and afternoon with Luna.
"Daddy do you have to go...." She sits on my lap as I sign the adoption papers with Mrs Tanaka.
"Don't worry Luna." Mrs Tanaka speaks us. "You will get to go home with your fathers very soon."
"Where do I need to sign?" I ask.
"Here, here and here." She points at the different papers. I scribble my signature and look at the blank spot beside Luna's name. "Write her last name here."
I neatly write 'Shido' down on the blank space.
Luna plays with my purple hair as she sits on my lap.
"Daddy, I love you." She hugs me and kisses my cheek.
"I love you too...." I smile at her and kiss her forehead. A big yawn escapes her mouth. "Looks like its someones nap time." I chuckle as Luna rubs at her eyes sleepily. I look up to Mrs Tanaka, "How long will it take for the papers to go through?"
"Within the week." She smiles at me. "Then Luna will legally be Luna Shido, and she can go home with you."
"And Kitty, and Mr Fluffy..." Luna whispers quietly.
I laugh out. "Yes them too." I laugh. "Is there somewhere I can lay her down?"
"I will show you to her bed."
I stand up holding Luna in my arms as she hugs my neck. I carry her to the girls room and gently lay her on her bed next to her two stuffed animals.
I run my hand through her brown hair. "Daddy you will come back right?"
"Yes and I will bring Fuyuki with me."
She smiles hearing this. "I miss him too."
"Sleep Luna.....We will come back to take you home with us very soon." I lean in and kiss her cheek. "Sweet dreams my baby girl." I watch as she rolls onto her side as she hugs her stuffed animals.
I stand up to see Mrs Tanaka and Kiki smiling at me. We walk to the entrance and I smile at Mrs Tanaka.
"Thank you for everything."
"I will give you and Mr Shido a call once the papers go through, Mr Urihara."
"We will be waiting for that phone call." I smile. "Come on Kiki, lets go shopping."
"It was nice to meet you." Kiki smiles and follows me out towards the bus stop. "Minoru...." I glance to my sister. "Luna is perfect."
"Yah....she is." I smile.
"I can't wait to see Fuyuki's face when he watches the video's I took." 
"Me too...." I chuckle. "Me too...."
...


Dinner Surprises
Walking back towards the apartment me and Kiki have our hands full of shopping bags.
"Thanks Minoru, for taking me to meet Luna, She is beautiful."
"I am happy you came with me. She loved you." I smile down at my sister. "I still can't believe that in a couple of days Luna will official be Yuki's and my daughter."
"Do you think you and Fuyuki will get married soon?" I stop walking and feel my face heat up in it's blush. "I mean he did say that one time, that you two might...but that was before the whole adopting a kid together." She grins at me.
"I......." I find myself biting my lower lip. "I hope so...." I whisper shyly. "I mean that is why we are adopting her under his name...."
I watch as Kiki starts to giggle. "I think he may ask you really soon."
"Did he say something to you?" I gasp out as I rush to catch up to my smart mouth of a little sister.
"No...." She giggles. "It's just from watching you two...seeing how he has been treating you this past week. He really loves you....but you know....your a guy too."
"Really? Didn't realize that..." I scoff at her.
"No, I mean. You could always propose to him....." Her voice trails off as I stop walking once more.
"What? ME? uhhh...No....I couldn't....I mean....he is the Dominant one in the relationship!" I blurt out embarrassed.
"So?" She cocks her head at me. "I don't know.....Maybe Fuyuki would like you too....." I just stare at my sister in shock. "You want me to subtly ask him for you?" She winks at me. "I mean you want to marry him....You love him....Why not?"
"I........because I want him to ask....." I mutter shyly.
"Well just think about it." She winks at me. "If he takes too long, just ask him yourself."
My mind thinks back to the first night we slept together. I know he is the dominant one......but even that night he wanted me to initiate us making love....would Fuyuki really want me to be the one to ask him to marry me?
"HAH!" Kiki laughs out. "I got you considering it....."
"Shut up...." I growl, but she isn't wrong. Since the whole Daniel event, Fuyuki and I have only grown closer. I learned a new side to him and I love it. I love him....I want more then anything to take his last name as my own. I have never been so sure about anything in my life....but this I know. I want to become Minoru Shido. I want to call Fuyuki my husband. But if I was the one to propose, would Yuki get upset?
I sigh as my feet crunch through the snow. I look up into the sky as new white flakes softly drift down around us.
As we near the apartment building I freeze my eyes landing on the local bakery once more. I see a sign posted in the window and my heart pounds.
"Minoru you coming?" Kiki glances to me.
"One sec....I want to just check something out quickly..." She nods her head. "Here." I toss her my house keys. "I will be there in a bit."
"Ok...." She watches me as I walk across the road and enter the bakery.
"Hello, how may I help you?" The worker at the counter greets me with a friendly smile. He is younger then me with tanned skin and short black hair. His blue eyes shine with light. 
"I was curious about the sign in the window...."
"Oh! Let me get the manager to talk to you." I nod my head as he runs into the back. While waiting I scan the shelves of breads and pastries and cakes. I can't stop the smile from forming on my lips.
"Hello, so you were curious about the job posting?" I turn around and my eyes land on an older lady. She smiles softly at me.
"Yes......" I give her a small smile.
...
I enter my apartment to see Kiki lounging on the couch watching TV. 
"Oh your back!" She jumps up. "Shall we start getting Fuyuki's surprise ready."
"Yah...." I smile as I place the remaining grocery bags on the kitchen counter.
"So did you get something at the bakery?" 
I glance to Kiki. "No....wanted to check something out." I smile at my sister. "When do you have to go back home?" I ask suddenly.
"Oh.....couple days school starts back up." I nod my head.
"Well I will miss having you."
"Last time I was here you wanted to kill me...you yelled at me to leave." She laughs and I join in.
"Last time you stayed here you kept hitting on Fuyuki....You wanted to hook up with him." I mutter darkly.
"Yah....I was so embarrassed when I learned he was gay..." She chuckles. "But you two weren't together then were you?"
"No.....but it pissed me off watching you flirt with him. Guess I was jealous." I laugh.
"So what can I help with? Or are you going to kick me out of the kitchen?" She gives me a knowing look.
"It's been awhile since I made anything." I blush.
"Ok....I got it....need my help just ask." She smiles and jumps back on the couch watching what ever movie is playing.
I smile as I turn towards the fridge and grab the ingredients I need.
...
"Hey I'm home...." My heart races as I hear Fuyuki call from the entrance. "It smells amazing in here! Kiki you cooking tonight?" I can't hide my smile.
"Sorry to disappoint you..." Kiki laughs out as Yuki walks in and sees her laying on the couch.
"Then..." His eyes eyes fly to me. "Mino...." He rushes to the kitchen. "Your cooking?" I watch the smile appear on his lips as his green eyes sparkle. He walks over to me and wraps his arms around my waist from behind. "God I have missed your cooking...." He nuzzles his face in my neck.
"I have missed cooking for you." I smile.
I feel his lips press against my neck. "So...today?" He asks in a soft voice.
"Today was amazing....." I turn around to face him with his arms still wrapped around me. I raise my hands up and place them on his chest. "Luna.....she was sad you didn't come with me. Yuki her papers came in.....I signed them for us....Mrs Tanaka said they should go through within the week. Then she will legally be Luna Shido....our daughter."
I am cut off by his soft lips as he kisses me deeply. I feel his grip around my body tighten. He pulls away slightly. "I am happy to hear that Mino....But I need to know. Do I have you back? Is my Mino finally back?"
"Yes....I'm back." I smile then he kisses me again.
"Mmmmm I don't want to stop..." He grins as he kisses me again.
I chuckle and push his chest away from me. "We can't....dinner will burn. Besides Kiki is right there."
"Love how I come after the food....." She huffs causing us all to burst out in laughter.
"Kiki." She turns to me. "How about showing Yuki your phone while I finish dinner." I smile at her.
"OK!" She jumps up and pulls Yuki down onto one of the bar stools at the counter.
"Show me what?"
"The most beautiful thing you will ever see...." Kiki smiles. 
Fuyuki glances from me, to Kiki then takes her phone in his hand. "Ok...lets see then."
I turn my attention back to dinner as I hear faint voices coming from Kiki's phone.
"Daddy! Come play with me! Let's build a snowman!!!"
As the video plays on I turn my blue gaze to Yuki. He is holding the phone in his left hand while his right hand is pressed against his lips. I can see the smile on his lips as tears form in his eyes. He must have felt my gaze as his green eyes meet mine. He smiles then goes back to watching the video.
As he finishes he closes the phone and slides it to Kiki. "You were right, that was the most beautiful thing I have ever seen." 
"Hey you two, dinners ready." I smile as I begin to plate up the meal for the three of us.
"This looks amazing...." Yuki smiles. "Way better then my cooking that is for sure...." He shyly laughs.
"Well don't be too full." I smile. "I made dessert too." I watch his eyes light up.
"You spoil me to much." Yuki grins as he begins eating. "So....good." He sighs happily. I sit across the counter from Kiki and Yuki. I watch Yuki place his hand on the counter and holds it out to me while he eats. Blushing I place my hand in his while eating with the other.
"You two truly are perfect for each other.....Don't forget about our talk earlier Minoru." She sends me a wink causing me to blush.
Yuki notices and looks at me. "What talk?"
"Nothing!" I blurt out embarrassed. I send a sharp glare to Kiki who only chuckles.
"We were talking about your future with Luna..." She smiles innocently. "How Minoru will be the only one with a different last name...."
"KIKI!" I cry out. I feel my face burning red. I stare down at my food. I feel Fuyuki squeeze my hand lightly. I look up and gaze into his green eyes. I see a pink dusting across his cheeks as he smiles at me.
"It won't be like that forever...." He whispers softly to himself but I heard every word. I can't hide my smile as I look back to my dinner and continue eating. I just wish I knew how long he plans to wait.....what if he really wanted me to ask him? I glance back at him. We make eye contact as his phone starts to ring. "Sorry..." He mumbles as he stands and answers it.
I watch him flop back down on the stool. "Something wrong?"
"It was work.....they need me to come to the newspaper now."
"Go...it's fine....." I smile.
"What about dessert?" He whines.
"We can have it when you return."
"I may be really late...." He groans.
"That's fine. I will wait up as long as I have too." I stand up and walk with him to the entrance. "Text me when your on your way home....I will have dessert all ready for you." I smile.
"Mmmm maybe you could have yourself all ready for me instead?" He grins as he wraps his arms around me. I can't hide my blush on my face. 
"We can't......Kiki is here....." I mutter.
"So?" I stare at him in shock.
"But she could hear...."
"Think of it as practise...." His grins grows wider. "You need to learn to keep your voice down....or what do you plan to do once Luna moves in?" My heart races as he leans in and seductively whispers into my ear. "Or will you never let me make love to you again? I will text you when I am leaving.....Then you and I.." He kisses my neck and nibbles on it. "I will let your imagination think of the rest....."
"Yuki....." I blush as I stand there knowing I am getting turned on by his actions. 
"Mmm Mino, be careful....can't have your 16 year old sister seeing that...." His eyes glance down my body. My face is on fire as Yuki pulls me into a passionate kiss. "I will try to not be too late....."
I nod my head as he goes to leave. But stops.
"What is for dessert anyways?"
"I made a cake...."
"Ok....I will pick us up a special something to go with it." He winks then leaves me standing there wanting nothing more then for him to take me right then and there...
...


Everything Changes
Storming into the Newspaper I can't stop my mind from racing. Seeing Mino smiling once more, him cooking again....Him back to being the man I fell in love with.
"Ah Shido!" The Newspaper Chief Editor calls to me. "I am glad you could come...." 
I sigh nodding my head. "What did you need?" I can't help but being upset. I got torn away from a perfect night at home. Rushing back home to hold Mino is the only thought going through my mind.
"Yah....well..." I watch the editor nervously rub his back as he speaks up. "Your last article....well we need you to rewrite it."
"What the hell do you mean rewrite it?" I growl out annoyed. 
"Well....." He nervously chuckles. "Its amazing....like always!" He quickly blurts. "But we need it written in another angle....."
"Fine....." I groan out annoyed. "When the fuck you need it by?"
"Well that's why I called you in....we need it tonight so we can put it in the paper for tomorrow......"
"WHAT!" I cry out as I throw my arms around. "You have to be fucking shitting me!"
"Look I am sorry!" He sighs.
I am officially pissed. "Fine....but I need to make a damned phone call first." I harshly say as I storm from the building back outside to calm my nerves. I pull out my cell phone and dial Mino's.
"Yuki....Are you already on your way back?"
Fuck...he sounds so happy. "No....about that. I am going to be stuck here for some time...."
"Oh....what happened?" I hear the sadness in his voice. Fuck if I was him I would be upset too...After everything he has been through he has finally just pushed through it all. 
"Mino I am sorry.....The fucking Editor needs me to rewrite my article...I have to give it to him tonight for the papers tomorrow."
"No....I understand..." Fuck his whispered voice pains me. "I just was hoping to spend tonight with you is all....."
"Me too...." I sigh out. "I will get it done as fast as I can. I want to hold you in my arms.....Just don't wait up for me if I am really late please...."
"No I want to....I don't care if your not here until 3 in the morning. I will have your cake ready for you like I said...." Does he even realize how much of a tease he is?
"Ok.....Well I better get to writing......I will still get something special for us to have with that cake on my way home....I love you Baby."
"Yuki I love you too...I will be waiting for you."
I hang up and storm into my office and glare at my editor.
"Did I interrupt time with your boyfriend?" He nervously asks.
"Yes you bloody fucking did....Give me the damned article!" I hiss. "Honestly...." My eyes go through the article that is covered in red correction notes. "Why the fuck did you leave this till last minute?" I sigh as I collapse at my desk.
"Sorry....it was a last minute change to the paper's layout...."
"Whatever...." I groan. I turn my computer on and open a blank typing screen. My green eyes travel to a single picture frame sitting on my desk. I can't stop the smile from spreading on my lips as I gaze at the picture of Mino. He doesn't know I have it sitting on my desk at work. I can imagine his blushing red face if he saw it. 
Turning my gaze back at my computer I stretch my hands out in front of me causing some of my fingers to crack. I place my fingers on my keyboard and let my mind get absorbed into my work as I rewrite my article.
...
I pull my phone out as I exit the newspaper office. It's already passed midnight. I groan and text Mino.
-Hey leaving the office now....you still awake?-
My heart pounds in my chest as I get a reply only moments after I sent it.
-Yah. Kiki just fell asleep on couch watching a movie, be quiet coming home. I will be waiting for you-
I smile as I reply to him.
-Ok...be home soon.-
Walking down the street I stop as I see a liquor store still opened at this time of night. I smile as I walk inside.
"Can I help you find anything?" The cashier greets me.
"No...I'm fine thanks."
Mino never said what type of cake he made....I walk over after looking at the wines. I turn around and walk down the aisle with champagne bottles. I smile as I find one I know is amazing. I grab the expensive bottle and walk to the counter. Naturally my Baby deserves only the best.
"Found what your looking for?" The cashier asks.
"Yes thanks..." I place the bottle on the counter.
They ring it up. "That will be $59.99."
"Here...." I pass them my credit card not even flinching at the expensive price. Like I said Minoru deserves nothing but the absolute best.
Leaving the store with the brown paper bag in my hand I walk through the winter weather. I can't wait for spring to come. I want to take Mino to see the cherry blossoms knowing they are both our favourite flower. I grin even wider realizing Luna will be there with us.
"I finally will have a proper family...." My voice trails off. I stop in front of a shop closed for the night. I glance inside through the bars on the window of the shop to stop break in's. My eyes land on a display of gold and silver rings. I gulp nervously. "It won't be a proper family....not until his name changes...." I mutter. I feel a slight blush on my face appear.
"Minoru Shido...." My heart races. Him and Kiki were talking about us getting married earlier. "Is he sad I haven't asked him yet?" I mutter quietly. "Is he worried I wont?"
I pull my phone out from my pocket and flip it open and stare at the home screen. I smile as I see a picture of Mino. I look from his picture then to the jewelry store once more. Shoving my phone back in my pocket I quickly rush the rest of way home. Walking into the apartment building I get off the elevator on the 7th floor. 
I reach our apartment and place my keys in the lock. Remembering Mino said Kiki is asleep I quietly slip inside. Kicking off my shoes I hang my jacket on the closet handle. Walking softly into the living room my eyes land on Kiki's sleeping form as I hear her soft breathing. I am happy her and Mino are getting along much better now then when I first met her.
I walk into the kitchen and I grab two fancy champagne glasses from the cupboard along with a bottle opener for the cork.
With everything in my arms I make my way down the hallway to our bedroom. I see a dim light on through the bottom of the door.
Skillfully with my hands full I somehow managed to open the door without dropping a single thing. Closing the door quietly I turn around to see Mino sitting on our bed watching me. 
My heart pounds as he wears only a pair of sleeping pants and no shirt. Instead he has on a robe that is hung loosely around his body showing his toned perfect body. I gulp nervously as he stands from the bed and walks to me.
"Your back..." He smiles as he eyes the champagne glasses and paper bag in my arms. He takes the glasses from me and places them down on the bedside table. My eyes land on the cake he made. I notice a big slice missing. "Kiki...." He smiles.
I walk over and pull the bottle of alcohol from the paper bag and begin to open it. "I thought we could have a drink tonight...." I smile at him.
"That sounds wonderful." He smiles at me.
Damn this man before me truly is to perfect.
"That looks like a pretty fancy bottle...was it expensive?"
I grin at him. "The love of my life only deserves the best...I won't buy you some cheap crap." I watch as his face burns red. Fuck I love making him blush.
Popping the cork on the bottle it begins to bubble as I poor some into each glass. I pick them both up and sit beside Mino on our bed. Holding a glass out to him he takes it from me.
"To our future together." I smile at him.
"To our future...." He whispers shyly as he blushes more.
We lightly clink our glasses together and raise them to our lips. I watch as a smile spreads across his face.
"This is delicious." He smiles as he stands and cuts a slice of cake putting it on a small plate with a single fork. He walks over and puts some cake on the fork and holds it out to me. "Have some."
I feel my own cheeks flush pink as I lean in and take the cake he offers me. "Mmmm." I close my eyes enjoying the sweet soft flavor. "That is amazing...." He smiles and holds some more out to feed me which I gladly allow him to. 
"I am glad you like it.....I actually need to talk to you about something..."
I notice his body tense up. "Sounds serious..."
"Well it kind of is....I mean..." He glances up at me. I watch him quickly take another sip of the champagne. "It is serious....It would be a huge change in my life.."
I feel my heart start to race. What the hell could he be talking about right now? "Well...you can tell me anything..." I stare at him as I sip my own glass of champagne.
I watch him take a deep breath. "Fuyuki.....I...I'm quitting Shizen Magz."
...


Everything Changes x 2
I stare blankly at Mino. With the plate of cake resting on his lap. I watch him cut a piece with the fork and he raises it to his lips.
"Your quitting Shizen?" I say in shock.
"You told me before you would support my decision to quit if I wanted to..." He mutters.
"I did....AND I DO!" I quickly blurt out. I take a sip of the champagne in my hand. "Does this have to do with Dannie?" I knew I shouldn't have asked but I had to.
"No.....I realize Yuki. The only reason I finally made it to become a reporter was because of you."
"I think you would have withou..."
He cuts me off. "No I wouldn't have....and I am thankful for you. Not only did it get me the job I dreamed about...but it brought me you." His cheeks blush as I gaze at him. He drinks the last of his champagne and I take the empty glass from his hand. "I just don't feel happy there anymore. It's not what I love to do...."
I refill both our glasses and hand him the glass. I take the plate of cake and move it to the table. He shifts his body to face me.
"So Mino. What do you want to do?"
I watch a small smile appear on his face. "I actually already got a job offer. I just asked for some time to talk to you about it...."
"Where?" I ask curious.
"You know that local bakery just down the street?" I watch as his eyes light up. "They had a sign posted in the window saying they are hiring for a new Baker."
"Mino that's wonderful..." I smile at him.
"But they are only hiring for part time....So that is a big problem." He mutters sadly.
"Why is that a problem?" 
He looks up at me with those piercing blue eyes that make my heart race. "Luna will be coming home with us very soon...our living expenses are going to go up drastically...I wouldn't make very much there to help with that..."
I sigh as I place my glass of champagne down. I lean towards him and cup his face with both my hands. 
"Mino take the job. I see it in your eyes you want to. You love to bake." He bites his lower lip. "Don't worry about loosing the money that you make now. I make plenty enough that you wouldn't even have to work. If you wanted to you could stay home all day with Luna."
"Yuki...I can't rely on you like that......." He whispers.
"But I want you too....." I reach out and take his glass of champagne from his grasp and place it on the table by mine. "I want to see you do something you love...." I grasp both of his hands in mine. "Honestly Mino, living expenses wont be an issue. I think you working part time is perfect actually. The days you work Luna can go to day care if I cant be home. Then the rest of the time you can watch her while I am at work."
"I just feel bad....I mean I am older then you...I should be the one supporting you!" He blurts out.
"Mino...you being older then me doesn't matter to me. I WANT to take care of you and our daughter. Let me....I want you to rely on me......" I take a big nervous gulp. "I want......" My heart pounds harder in my chest as I gaze at the man I love. "I want......" I nervously look down at the bed. I can feel the sweat forming on my forehead. I have never been so nervous before.
"You want what?" Mino's soft voice causes me to raise my gaze back to his. I feel him squeeze my hands to encourage me.
"I......I want......" I pull one of my hands from his and place it on his cheek. I lean in closer to the man before me. "I want.....to be able to call you my husband...." I watch his blue eyes open wide. "Minoru Urihara....will you marry me?" I whisper softly to him. 
I watch as his eyes begin to form tears. "Baby don't cry..." I whisper as I kiss his nose softly. 
"Do you really mean that Yuki?" I feel his hand I am holding begin to shake.
"Every word of it...." I move my hand from his cheek to the back of his neck. "marry me....." I whisper as I lean in kissing him with all my love. I gently move on the bed so I am now behind him.
I wrap my strong arms around his body. Pulling his back tightly against my chest.
"Yuki....." Hearing him whisper my name I raise my hands up his chest and I gently slide the robe he is wearing off his shoulder. 
"Minoru......" I whisper into his ear as I gently kiss it. I lower my lips down his neck and to his shoulder. "I love you....make me the happiest man in the world.....marry me...." I smile against his skin as I feel him shiver in delight. "I want to be able to call you eternally mine, not as my boyfriend....as my husband." I raise my hand up gliding it across his smooth chest. I watch him close his eyes enjoying my gentle touch.
"Yuki.........Yes......" He whispered it so quietly I almost didn't hear him.
"Say it again..." I whisper as I raise my hand to his cheek and turn his face to face mine. 
He opens his blue eyes and gazes at me. I see love and happiness in his eyes. "Yes Fuyuki Shido, I will marry you.."
I slam my lips onto his. He turns around to face me. I push the robe he is wearing completely off of his body. His hands reach up and he tugs my shirt up my body. I raise my arms as he pulls it off my body. Mino's lips instantly find mine once more as his hands roam across my bare upper body. Fuck I love when he touches me. My heart pounds in my chest.
"Yuki your heart is beating so fast...." He whispers as he kisses my neck.
I can't stop myself. I push his body backwards so he is on his back gazing up at me. "Of course it is fucking racing....you just said yes to marrying me...." I lower my hands to his soft pants and untie them. I pull them off his body. "I have never been this happy before in my fucking life...." I kiss him roughly as my hands roam his body. "Fuck Mino I need you....I can't wait any longer...."
"Me either.....take me now....." I stand up off the bed and pull my jeans off. I remove my boxers and climb back above the man I love. I pull his boxers down and throw them across the room.
I kiss him roughly as I raise my hand up. Pulling away from the kiss I hold my fingers against his lips. "Suck them...." I whisper out in a rough voice. He grasps my hand and places my fingers in his mouth. Feeling his tongue glide along them only makes me harder as I watch him. I feel Mino's erection pressing against my body and this only makes me hotter.
I pull my fingers from his mouth and I make quick work of lifting up one of his legs and sliding one of my fingers in him.
"AH!" He arches his head back as I move my finger in and out of him. I watch him as I pull my finger out and slide a second one inside. "YUKI!" he cries.
"Baby.....shhh." I kiss him to muffle his cries. "Can't wake your sister now can we....." I smirk against his lips. Pulling away I watch his chest rise and fall. "Are you ready?" I whisper.
"Fuck me Yuki...." I grin.
"As you wish....." I move my throbbing member and line it up to his opening. "Don't scream to loud." I grin as I slowly push into him.
"GAH!" I watch as he bites his lower lip to contain his screams. "hah....nngh..." Fuck I love the noises me makes from me being inside him. "Yuki...faster.....please....."
I move my movements faster as I thrust deeply into him.
"AH...." I muffle his cry with my lips in a heated kiss. He wraps his arms around my body. I reach one hand down and grasp onto his member. I begin to pump him with my hand as I thrust deeply inside of him. "Mmmnnnn Hah!" He moans as I close my eyes.
"Mino.......I love you....Fuck I am close...." 
"Me....AH! too...." I thrust once more in him as I feel my body begin to release inside him.
"FUCK!" I moan out.
"Yuki....." He moans my name as his arms around me tighten. I feel him hit his orgasm as he cums over his chest and my hand.
I pull out from inside of him. "That was amazing..." I whisper.
"Yah....We need to get cleaned up..."
He goes to sit up when I push him back down. "Stay....I will do it." I stand up and pull my boxers on and open the door walking to the bathroom. I stop to make sure Kiki is still asleep which is is. Thank god... 
Entering the bathroom I clean myself up then get a damp warm washcloth and walk back to our bedroom. I wipe the warmed clothe on his body cleaning him up. I then grab his boxers and he places them on.
I reach out and pick up the plate of cake and put some on the fork, I hold it out to Mino and he takes it gladly. I put more on the fork and eat it happily.
"So....." Mino speaks up softly as he sits up and gazes at me. "We are officially engaged?"
"Yah...." I grin as I grab the the bottle of champagne and refill our glasses. I hand him one and we clink our glasses together once more. "To my soon to be husband. The man I love."
I watch Mino blush as we sip our drinks.
"You know.....Kiki was trying to talk me into proposing to you today...."
My eyes grow wide hearing this. "Would you have?" I ask as my free hand finds his on the bed.
"It was an interesting idea....but deep down I wanted you to ask me...." He whispers smiling. His deep purple hair falls around his face. "What would you have done if I did?"
I chuckle at that thought. "I would have said Fuck yes..." I lean in and kiss him. "But I am happy I was the one to ask you." I raise his left hand up in mine and kiss his ring finger. "I don't have an engagement ring for you..."
"I don't need one.....a wedding band will be enough."
We sip out champagne as Mino snuggles up closer to my body. I wrap my free hand around him.
"Mino..."
"Yah?"
"Please take the part time job...." I kiss his purple hair.
"I will...." He whispers as I hold him closer to me. "Fuyuki I love you..."
"I love you too Baby."
...


True Happiness
I woke up the next morning in the arms of the man I love. I raise my head off his strong chest as I gaze up at his sleeping face. His long brown hair falls across the pillow as he sleeps peacefully.
My blue eyes land on the empty bottle of champagne on the bed side table. The plate with the cake I made is also completely empty. After we had sex we sat together in each others arms talking. We drank the champagne and ate the rest of the cake together. I sit up and gaze down at Fuyuki.
I bite my lower lip as I push my purple hair away from my face.
Last night.....I can't stop the smile from appearing on my face.
"Whats the smile for?" I jump in my spot not realizing Fuyuki is awake and gazing up at me. He sits up and reaches out his hand and tucks some of my purple hair behind my ear. "Tell me..." He smiles.
"Last night.....it wasn't a dream right?" I whisper softly.
"I don't know. What happened last night?" Yuki grins playfully at me.
"You......you proposed to me..." I whisper in a quiet voice.
"Yes I did...." He grins as he leans in and kisses me. "And after you said yes I made sweet love to you." He smiles at my bright red face.
"Don't tease me..." I mutter.
"Trust me Mino. You would know if I was teasing you...." He sends me a wink. "So whats the plan for today?"
"Don't you need to work?" I ask.
"Nope....day off for me. And even if I didn't get the day off I wouldn't go to the office. Not after the shit they pulled last night."
"But wouldn't they fire you if you did that?"
I watch in confusion as Fuyuki laughs out. "No...they would never fire me. I think if I told them I would quit for another newspaper they would only offer me more money just to stay..."
"Yah....I guess you are the 'Famous' Fuyuki Shido." I whisper with a smile. "Every newspaper and magazine wants you to work for them."
Fuyuki reaches out and places his right hand on my left one. I watch as he entwines our fingers together raising our hands up. His lips press against my ring finger in a gentle kiss. "You sure I can't get you an engagement ring?"
"No it's fine...." I smile.
"But then everyone would know your taken." He huffs out. "But then again, even once you wear a wedding band it wont stop others from falling for you instantly.....It drives me nuts how easily others fall for you..."
"Yuki..." I lean in and kiss him soft and gentle. "I love you, and only you." I smile. Then a thought hits me. "Oh man Kiki is going to freak."
"Hmmm so should we not tell her then?" He wraps his arms around my body and pulls me on top of him. "How about we just spend today in bed together?" He whispers into my ear.
My body shivers as his hot breathe hits my bare skin. "As much as I would love to.....I need to call Mr Kida...." I go to stand up.
"No......stay with me....your soon to be husband..." A grin crosses his lips. "I can call Kida for you later...."
"I can't have you call my boss and quit for me." I laugh out. "Though I will need your help." I mutter.
"Anything..."
"Go to Shizen For me? I....I don't think I can enter that office ever again to get my things...."
I see pain flash through Yuki's green eyes. "I don't want you going there and remembering...I will get what ever you need from there..."
"Thank you..."
"What are husbands for?" He grins as his arms only tighten around my body.. "But seriously Mino....stay in bed with me today...." 
I chuckle out as I re-snuggle up on his warm chest. "Only for another hour..." I whisper as I close my eyes drifting off back to sleep. 
...
"Morning Kiki." I smile as me and Yuki finally exit our bedroom. She is curled up on the couch sitting with her legs crisscrossed as a blanket is wrapped around her body.
"Morning. I just made coffee." She smiles as she sips her mug while watching cartoons on the TV. "When did you get home Fuyuki?"
"After midnight...I am glad I didn't wake you." He smiles as he walks over and pours coffee for himself and me.
"Nah, you didn't. I am a pretty deep sleeper."
I look to Yuki as he passes me my coffee mug. "Thanks Yuki."
"Anything for you Baby." He winks.
I bite my lower lip as I glance to Kiki over my shoulder and turn back to gaze into Yuki's dazzling green eyes.
"Go ahead." He smiles as he raises his mug to his lips drinking the black coffee. I can't stop the huge grin from forming on my lips.
"Kiki.....We have something we want to tell you...." 
"Hmm?" She asks while she still watches the TV.
"Uhh well....the thing is...." 
"What is it?" She turns around to gaze at the two of us, after putting down her cup of coffee. 
"Well...." I feel Fuyuki wrap his free around around my waist pulling my body against his. "Fuyuki....he proposed to me last night..."
I watch as Kiki's pale blue eyes open wide as she jumps up from the couch. She rushes to the two of us smiling. "REALLY!"
"Yes.....your brother will soon become Minoru Shido." 
"I am so happy for you both!" She hugs us both smiling. I smile down at my sister as I feel Yuki press a kiss against my forehead. "So when will the big day be?"
"Uhh we haven't talked about that yet." Yuki nervously replies.
"Well I am happy....Fuyuki you better treat my brother properly." She playfully glares at him.
"Mmmm I will." I feel Yuki squeeze me lightly against him. "I will give your brother the proper life he deserves." I feel my face blush bright red. "Mino...." Yuki suddenly grasps my chin and pulls my face up. My blue eyes grow wide as he is only an inch away from me. "I love you...I will cherish you the rest of our lives together." He whispers before capturing my lips in a deep kiss.
...
Walking down the snow covered streets I pull out my phone. Yuki went out shopping with Kiki tagging along with him. I told him I needed to call Mr Kida and then go to the bakery to accept the job.
"Hello, Kida speaking."
I take a deep breath. "Hello Mr Kida this is Minoru."
"Ah Urihara! Congratulations...."
"On what?" I ask confused.
"Don't be mad at him....I know why your calling. And honestly I assumed after what happened you would decide to leave us. I will miss you."
My heart pounds. "Sir? Did Fuyuki...."
"Him and your little sister are here right now packing up your things for you." My heart pounds. I told Fuyuki not to talk to Kida. "Shido told me you wished to contact me....but he was concerned about you coming to the office to meet me. Please don't be too mad at him Urihara."
"I won't...So your congratulating me on the new part time job?" I ask confused.
"Well I guess I am...but Shido told me how you two are adopting a little girl, and now are engaged." My heart pounds in my chest as I stand still in the winter air. "I am happy that it was my article that brought the two of you together..."  I hear his laugh.
"Yah, we owe you a lot. I am really sorry to quit this way...."
"It's fine.....oh my next appointment is here. Take care Urihara!" He hangs up and I sent a text to Yuki.
-Just talked to Kida.....You didn't have to do that...thank you.-
I shove my phone in my pocket and walk around the corner of the street. A smile appears on my face as the bakery comes into view. Smiling I walk across the street and push open the door. The bell above the door jingles as I enter the warmth. The smell of fresh breads and pastries is so welcoming.
"Hello how may I help you?" I look up to see the familiar younger guy with short black hair and blue eyes. "Oh your Minoru right?" 
"Yes....is the owner Mrs Hattori in?" 
"She just stepped out for a minute. She will be back." He smiles at me. "Please feel free to wait for her."
"Thanks..." I smiles as my eyes look around the shop.
"So are you taking the part time job?"
My eyes go back to the guy. "Yes." I smile at him.
"Awesome....it will be nice to have another guy here." He grins.
"Your the only one?"
"Yah....Hey I'm Davie by the way." He holds his hand out to me.
"Nice to meet you Davie." I shake his hand. "So how many days do you work here?"
"Well honestly the owner is my mother...." He nervously chuckles. "I help out before and after school. On weekends and holidays."
"Do you like helping out here?"
"Yes I love it...I hope to take over the bakery one day when my mother doesn't want to run it anymore."
"How old are you Davie? If you don't mind me asking."
"22. You?"
"I'm 27."
"So what interested you in taking the part time job?"
"Well. I love to cook and bake. I spend most of my time at home in the kitchen actually. I love to create food that people enjoy. Guess you could say its my passion."
"Yah, I feel the same." Davie smiles at me. "I think we will get along very good." He grins at me.
"I would like that." I smile at him.
"Got someone special in your life Minoru?" I look up at him. "If its to personal sorry. I don't know boundaries when it comes to asking questions."
"Hah...it's fine. And yes I do."
"Ah bet she is a looker."
"Well....actually he is quite handsome."
I watch Davie's eyes grow wide. "Oh....sorry...." He whispers. "You two serious?"
"Well we are adopting a little girl together, and he actually just proposed to me last night, so I would say so."
"Nice, congrats. I am still dating my high school sweetheart. I love her so much. I hope one day I can get the courage to ask her to marry me." He smiles.
We hear the main door open. "Oh excuse me." Davie smiles at me. "Hello how may I help you?" He asks the customer all professional. I smile as I watch him. He truly does take his job seriously for such a young guy.
"Oh Minoru." I turn to see Davie's mother and owner of the shop enter from the back. 
"Hello." I smile at her.
"Am I taking this as a yes to my job offer?" She smiles at me through her glasses. 
"Yes...." I can't hide my excitement.
"I am glad to hear. So you met my son Davie I am guessing."
"Yes, we were talking while waiting for you to come back." Davie smiles as he walks over to us.
"Well Minoru, working here we consider everyone as a part of our family. So welcome." she smiles at me.
"Thank you....I will do my best." I turn to the owner. "Mrs Hattori."
"Please Minoru just call me Sasha."
"Well I was wondering Sasha. How does scheduling here work? I will need to know what days to sign my daughter up for daycare."
"Oh you have a daughter?" She asks all happy.
Davie smiles and speaks up before I can. "Him and his boyfriend are adopting and are engaged." He sends me a wink.
"Oh well I am happy for you. Please bring them both here one day. We would love to meet your family."
"Thanks..." I smile.
"And about the schedule. I would need you here Mondays, Wednesdays and Thursdays."
"Ok. Thank you so much again for this opportunity." I feel my phone buzz in my pocket. Knowing its Yuki replying to me I can't help but smile. "When would you like me to officially start?"
"Well it's Wednesday now...how about Monday morning? I can get Davie to show you the ropes that day, he is off school."
"Ok sounds great." I smile.
"See ya Monday Minoru." Davie waves at me as I leave the building.
I pull my phone out and see I was right at who texted me.
-Your not mad are you?-
-No. I love you Yuki-
...


Party Invites
The following day I am sitting in the train station cafe with Kiki across from me.
"I will actually miss having you around." I smile at my sister. 
"Trust me. I would rather stay then go home to mom and dad." She sighs out. "They will freak out if they hear about you and Fuyuki getting married."
"I don't care what they think. I am happy, and I will not give that up because they don't approve of me being bisexual."
"I am happy you found your soulmate Minoru." She smiles at me.
"So am I." Fuyuki grins as he sits down next to me. "Here we go...." He hands me and Kiki our coffee as he sips his own.
"Thanks." I smile at him.
"Anything for you." He kisses my cheek causing me to blush as others around us stare and whisper.
"You better take good care of my brother for me." Kiki giggles. "And once Luna is all settled I will definitely come visit her."
"You better." I smile.
Just then an announcement sounds around us. Kiki sighs and stands up grabbing her bag.
"Guess that's my que to leave."
"Is mom or dad picking you up at the station?" I ask a little worried.
"Yah....mom is picking me up." She smiles. "You want me to tell them you say hi?"
"No.......Don't get their hopes up." I mutter.
"Mino....." Yuki sighs beside me.
"Yuki, please don't push me onto my parents...Them and I....we will never see eye to eye...I have given up on them many years ago. I don't need them." I look into his pained green eyes. I know this must hurt him since his parents abandoned him, then died before he could ask them why. "If I try to keep in touch with them now....." I sigh, "They will just push me into marrying that girl again....you want that?"
"NO!" He sighs as he wraps his arms around me. "Your mine and no one else's."
We stand and both walk Kiki to the train. "Text me when you get home safely..." I hug my little sister tightly. "Love you." I whisper to her.
"Love ya too." She smiles. "Bye Fuyuki." She waves to both of us as she boards the train and sits by the window waving at us.
"Shall we head home?" Yuki whispers into my ear.
"Actually.....There is somewhere we need to stop." I smile. Before Yuki can ask questions I grab his hand and pull him from the train station and to the near by store.
"Mino......" He whispers.
"We need to redecorate Luna's room.....after all....I made that room for Rei....her favourite colour was pink...But Luna's is purple....and we can't have Rei's name on the wall."
"How did I never even put the two and two together...." He laughs as he grabs a shopping cart. "Well lets get shopping."
...
Hours later we are at home in the apartment looking at the newly done bedroom. The bed once dressed in pink quilts is now in purple. The wall that once had the pink letters spelling REI, now has purple letters spelling LUNA.
"Do you think she will like it?" I ask in a quiet voice.
"Baby she will love it...." He smiles as he wraps his arm around my waist. "I still can't believe how lucky I am..."
"Yuki?" I turn to look at him.
"I never thought I would have a proper family....after my family dumped me at the orphanage. I thought when I was older and found them we could make up...but they were already gone from this world. I gave up on the whole family idea in life. For a while I thought me and Dannie would work as a family...but well you know where that lead."
"I will never forgive him for hurting you like that..." I wrap my arms around Yuki's neck. "No one is allowed to hurt you." I smile as I lean up and kiss him gently.
"Thank you for agreeing to do that crazy article with me...." He leans in and kisses me. "I honestly never planned to fall in love with the guy I got partnered up with......"
I raise my hand and run it along his cheek then into his long brown hair. "I can't believe you still brought me out for being bisexual...." I smile at him.
"As long as I am the only one you think of......"
"Always....." Yuki leans in to kiss me when his phone rings.
"Sorry could be work..." He pulls away and pulls his cell from his jeans pocket. "Shido here..." I watch as he smiles. "Yo, hey buddy....yah it has been awhile.....Think the bomb fire party was the last I saw yah.....Really?" I watch Yuki look to me, "Uhh let me ask one sec." I watch Yuki cover the phone with his hand. "Hey Mino. My friends want to take us out to dinner....I told them about us adopting Luna and they want to congratulate us....It will be just a small gathering of some people from that bomb fire party. You wanna go?"
It's times like this when I remember that Yuki is actually younger then me, half the time he acts so much older. "Yah..." I smile. "Let's go." I can tell he really wants too.
He smiles at me and leans in to kiss my head. "Yo dude..." He speaks back into his phone. "We will both be there....yah, when we get there...." Yuki's eyes meet mine. "Well I got something else to tell you all...." He laughs. "No I am not telling you now, wait for tonight....Ok Bye."
"Where are we going?" I ask as I pick up the old letter for Rei and walk from the room.
"Some restaurant. Are you going to throw those away?" I freeze as I hug them to my chest. I bite my lower lip and I feel the tears form in my eyes. "Mino...." Yuki stands before me.
"Rei is gone......Luna is our daughter now....but to throw these away.....I can't." I hug the three letters tighter to me. "But if I keep them it will feel like Luna comes second to my heart......." I whisper. "I am a terrible person...."
"Mino..." Yuki hugs me tightly. "Never think that....you went though something that I could never imagine.....and once Luna gets old enough she would understand....Baby keep them, I know Rei meant the world to you." 
I blink my eyes and I feel my tears fall down my face. Yuki takes his thumb and wipes them away. "Don't cry."
"I love Luna....I do......But...."
"But you still miss Rei...." I nod my head.
"But Rei is pushing me towards Luna.....They are so similar.....and she has Rei's stuffed cat...."
"Meeting Luna was fate..." I stare wide eyed up at Yuki. "Give me these....please." He takes the letters from my hands. "I will not let you throw them away. Rei is a huge part of your past....but me and Luna are your future....and neither of us want you to forget the past."
"Yuki......you really are too perfect...." I whisper.
"Mino...Baby..." He cups my face. "Why don't you go take a shower and get ready for tonight....I want you looking as hot as hell tonight. I want to brag and show off my fiance tonight to my friends." I feel my face burning bright red. Seeing this Fuyuki chuckles. "Aww man, my friends are going to flip." He grins as he pushes me towards the bathroom. "You shower and we will get ready to leave."
"Ok....." I whisper as I stare at the wooden letters in his arms. Unsure what he plans to do with them I enter the bathroom to shower. 
...


Parties and Jealousy
Stepping out of the hot water, I grab a towel and scrub it over my hair to dry it. Once my body is dry I wrap the towel securely around my waist and stand before the mirror. 
My deep purple hair is sticking up in every direction. Laughing at my appearance I grab my hairbrush and brush it out. Placing it back on the counter I turn and leave the bathroom and enter our bedroom to find Fuyuki in the middle of buttoning up his shirt.
"Damn Mino, you trying to turn me on?" He winks at me causing my cheeks to heat up.
"Sorry...." I mutter as I walk to my closet.
"Oh Baby, never be sorry about that...." I smile to myself as I open the closet door and stare at my clothes.
I glance over my shoulder at Fuyuki. "How nice of a place we going to?" I take note of his tan dress pants and white short sleeved button up shirt. Fuck he looks hot like always. The top couple of buttons he left undone so you can see the start of his masculine chest. His long brown hair falls on his shoulders as part is tied back like normal. I gulp as I raise my eyes up to see him grinning at me. 
"Like what you see?"
"Very much...." I turn my head quickly back to my clothes.
"Just wear what you would for work." He smiles at me. I nod my head and pull out a pair of nice black dress pants. My hand reaches for one of my dark purple button up shirts when Yuki stops me. "No.....where this one....please."
I watch as he grabs my long sleeved black button up shirt. "Uhh ok." I smile taking the hanger from his hand and removing the shirt from it. I turn and watch Yuki quickly rush from the bedroom as I begin to get dressed.
Standing before the full sized body mirror I button up the buttons on my shirt. Fully done up I am about to turn to grab one of my ties when Yuki appears behind me.
"Wear this one....." He whispers seductively into my ear, resulting in shivers running through my entire body. Yuki drapes a silk tie around my neck, one I have never seen before. Before I can say a word he walks in front of me taking the ends in his hands as he begins to tie it for me. "I know...I didn't have to buy it for you....but it was just like when I saw the other purple tie. I thought of you, and had to see you wear it just for me." 
I can feel my cheeks blushing. As I gaze at Yuki's face I notice his cheeks are tinged with pink.
"Do you like it?" He whispers as he steps back behind me to wrap his arms around my waist as I stare at our reflections in the mirror. Unlike the first purple and black stripped tie he bought me. This one has thicker diagonal stripes on it. The stripes are two different shades of dark purple that alternate across the silky fabric.
"I love it...." I smile at him.
"Good..." He kisses my cheek. "Your tie collection will be growing a lot bigger now. I can't help myself when I see one that makes me think of you. You look hot as hell wearing them with button up shirts." I grin to myself. Sounds like Yuki has a tie fetish. I will remember this for later. 
"Your spoiling me too much, and we aren't even married yet." I chuckle.
"Hmm...I love to spoil the ones I love. It's a habit of mine...get used to it." He winks. "Oh and Mino?"
His voice is low and sexy as he whispers into my ear. "Yyyes?" I stutter out completely flustered.
"Make sure I am the only one to take this off of you tonight...." His fingers run up my chest from their hug and he plays with the tie.
Damn him...I curse in my head. I can feel my body growing hot and getting turned on.
"We should leave now....can't be late. Huge announcement to make." Yuki grins as he grabs my hand and pulls me from our bedroom.
"So, when did you tell them all about Luna?" I ask curious.
"I hope you don't mind me telling people..."
"Why would I? I want the world to know about her being our daughter." I chuckle as we exit the apartment building and walk through the snow covered streets.
"I met up with Jack for a quick coffee one day on one of my breaks. I couldn't stop myself from blurting it out. Then he told my other friends and I was getting nothing but text messages and phone calls from them congratulating us." Yuki stops and grabs my hand pulling me in tightly to him. "My friends are so happy you and I met. They say your the greatest thing to happen to me."
"Yuki..." I whisper as I gaze at his green eyes.
"They are right Mino...I never once considered the idea of adopting a kid and having a family. I guess after what happened to mine, I gave up on the family idea. But being with you....when I heard how much you wanted a little girl to call your daughter. Hearing about Rei.....You changed my whole perspective on life. Now I want nothing more then to have that happy family."
"And you will..." I smile leaning up to kiss his cheek. "Luna and I will be with you forever." I look down at our feet in the fresh snow. "Promise me you will never leave us...." I whisper sadly. "That is my biggest fear. Me losing you."
I feel warm fingers on my chin as he raises my gaze to his. "Nothing in this world would make me stop loving you." Fuyuki's hot breath hits my face as he leans in and captures my lips in a passionate kiss. "I will cherish you and Luna the rest of my life." I watch a smile form on his lips. "Come on baby," he takes my hand in his and we continue walking down the street.
Arriving at the entrance we notice we are the first ones here. "Late as usual..." Yuki laughs as we are led to our table.
I nervously sit down with Yuki right next to me. "I'm kind of nervous."
"Hmm? Why? My friends already all love you..."
"But they were all so drunk last time I met them....maybe now they wont..."
"Your too cute..." Yuki grins as he pulls me in. "You are forgetting your like a freaking chick and male magnet right? Just have to smile at them and they will all fall for y.....second thought, DON'T SMILE AT ANY OF THEM!" He blurts out. I can't stop laughing at Fuyuki's expression. "I mean that Mino...your only allowed to smile at me!"
"Have I told you how much I love it when you get over protected and jealous?" I grin as I lean in towards him. "It really turns me on."
"Uhhh..." I caught Yuki off guard with this comment as he nervously takes a gulp. Damn I love this man. "Damn it Mino...don't say things like that when I can't take you right here and now..." He mutters as he reaches out and places a hand to the back of my head and pulls me in slamming his lips on top of mine.
"Oh my god!" We pull apart to see all of Fuyuki's friends standing before us. I feel my cheeks burning bright red as Yuki stands up. "You two are so freaking adorable!" One of the girls squeals out as she runs to hug Yuki.  She turns to me as I awkwardly stand. "Hello Minoru, I'm Sasha."
She hugs me a little to long and Yuki rips her off of me. "Uhh Hi." 
"Well this is going to be a long night of one over jealous Shido." Laughs one of his male friends. "Mike." He smiles at me.
"Minoru." I smile back at him. "Nice to meet you."
I watch as Mike stiffens up and his cheeks slightly dust with pink.
"Fuck Shido.....you weren't lying when you said this guy can make you fall in love with him with one single smile.....I am fucking straight and I want to hook up with him right now."
"Mike....I fucking swear...." Yuki's hands are in fists as he grabs me and pulls me behind him. "Mino.....I told you not to smile at anyone..." Yuki growls in annoyance.
"Sorry.....it's a habit to not be rude...." I chuckle nervously. Honestly I still don't understand how my smile causes this. 
"This is definitely going to be one entertaining night...." Yuki's friends laugh out as everyone takes a seat.
"So when we met you at the bomb fire. You were only there because of the article right?" One of his friends, I think it was Ryan asks.
"Yah....I was so nervous because I totally thought I was straight...and to pretend to date a guy terrified me." I laugh out.
"Man Shido....so you had the power to turn a straight guy gay."
"No....Mino isn't gay." Yuki smiles as he drinks his beer. 
"Oh....." A girl named Mia speaks up. "So your bisexual? Do you get all hot looking at girls?"
Yuki starts to choke on his beer that he was swallowing. I pat his back to help him. "I uhhh...."
"Of course he doesn't!" Yuki yells out.
"But man....your gay and I bet other guys turn you on.....but with Mino being bi, then that totally means that both guys and girls turn him on...."
Yuki turns to look at me. "Is that true?"
My blue eyes open wide. "Whoa, uhh....Yuki lets not talk about this...." I mumble as I drink my beer.
"Ah sorry Minoru. Looks like we got you in trouble." Mike laughs out. "So by watching you two, Shido is the one that tops right?"
"Oh dear fucking lord...." Yuki's head falls into his hands. "This is why I originally never wanted you to meet Mino...."
"Can we tell you a secret Minoru." Sasha starts to chuckle as she winks at Yuki.
"DON'T YOU DARE!" Yuki blurts out.
I look from her to a bright red Yuki then back. "What?" I ask needing to know why he is acting the way he is.
"Yuki loves to top...." She grins.
"SASHA SHUT UP!" Yuki yells.
"But......" She grins even wider.
"I MEAN IT SASHA!" Yuki's hands are in fists.
"He also loves to be on the bottom taking it...." My blue eyes grow wide hearing this. "I bet he would totally go crazy if you were to top him."
My face must be bright red as I nervously look to Fuyuki. His green eyes are staring at this beer as his face most likely matches the red on mine. 
"Anyways...." Jack laughs out. "You said you had something to tell us Shido? Though I don't know what could possibly top the news of you two adopting a child."
Fuyuki raises his gaze. All sight of his embarrassment is long gone as he grins. "Oh this will." He throws his arm around my shoulder pulling me in tight to him. "Mino has agreed to marry me."
"WHAT!" Some friends spat out the beer they were drinking while others jump from their seats. 
"Congrats!!!"
"That is amazing you two!"
"This calls for another round!"
"No...." Yuki shakes his head. "I don't think I should drink anymore...."
I smile at him. He is 24 years old and loves to party with his friends. But most of the time I forget his age and think he is older then me. "I don't mind Yuki....have fun."
"Fuck your perfect." He grins as he pulls me in and kisses me deeply.
...


One Drunken Night
Sitting around the table with my friends and Mino I can't help but be happy. 

"Here Shido, your glass is empty." Jack grins and places another beer before me.
"Ttthanks..." I mutter as I stare at it.
"So....you and Minoru..."
"What about us?" I ask him raising my gaze to my good friend.
"I'm glad you worked things out. I remember when you stayed at my place for awhile. I was worried about you."
"Yah, thanks for that again..." I nervously pick up my beer. My eyes land on Mino as he starts laughing at something Mike said. I feel anger rise up inside me.
"Dude...calm down. Mike won't do anything with him...besides he is straight remember."
"A straight guy who openly said he would gladly hook up with him....." I mutter darkly.
"Haha your right there....then trust Minoru. I don't think he is the type of guy to do anything behind your back."
"No, he isn't....the day the article came out all the girls in the office were freaking out wanting to hook up with him. One cornered him in the elevator and kissed him. He felt so back about it he even told me, even though he did nothing to initiate it."
"You got a keeper. He is so much better for you then Dannie..." 
I tense up hearing him say that name.
"You still not over Dannie?"
"Don't fucking speak that fuckers name....." My eyes go to Mino, I watch Mike asks him something. Mino nods and Mike stands up. I wonder if Mino felt my eyes on him, he turns his head and our eyes lock together. He gives me this huge smile, like a little kid on Christmas morning. My heart pounds in my chest as I stand up.
I walk over to him, I need to touch him....to hold him.
"Hey Yuki!" He smiles at me. I grab his arm and pull him up from his chair. "What are you doing?"
I collapse into his chair and pull Mino down onto my lap. "I wanted to hold you..." I mutter as I nuzzle my face into the crook of his neck. I don't have to look at his face knowing he is blushing like mad. "I love you Baby...." I could care less who hears me.
"Seriously Shido? Baby?" Mike laughs out as he returns with beers in his hands. "Here Minoru."
"Thanks." He shyly whispers.
"Shido is so whipped..." Ryan bursts out laughing.
"No he isn't..." Mino whispers.
"So what if I am?" I laugh out. I hold Mino's body tighter to me. "I would do anything for him..."
"Fuck you two are perfect together...." Sasha grins.
"I'm still pissed at you." I glare at her. I don't know why, but having Mino learn how I top and bottom in sex embarrasses me. He sees me as the tough dominate male.
"Aww don't be like that Shido love." She winks at Mino. I feel his body tense on me.
My arms around him tighten. Fuck I love this man. I know I drank too much. But screw it. I start to kiss Mino's neck.
"Looks like Fuyuki drank to much...." Jack laughs out. "Minoru you better take him home before he throws you down on the table right here..."
"Oh he wouldn't do that..." Mino nervously laughs.
"Wanna bet?" I whisper in his ear causing my friends to burst out laughing.
"And that is our Que to leave!" Mino jumps out of my grasp. "Well it was wonderful to meet you all again." He smiles.
"Stop smiling at them!" I groan as I grab my fiance around his waist. "See ya later losers." I grin at them. "I need to take my fiance home and make passionate love to him..."
"YUKI!"
My friends chuckle as Mino's face is bright red.
I shrug my shoulders. "They all know it would happen anyways." I laugh.
"Minoru!" Mia calls out. "Sasha wasn't lying earlier....Yuki loves to give it and receive it!"
"SHUT UP!" I yell as I pull Mino away from the crazy group of so called friends.
Stumbling I find myself outside in the cold winter air. "Yuki..." I stop and turn towards Mino. He walks up to me. "You will get sick like this." I watch as he grabs the bottom of my jacket and zips it up. He looks up and smiles softly at me. "You may have drank one to many" he laughs lightly.
"Ssssorry..." I stutter.
"It's fine...your allowed to have fun with your friends." I stand there gazing at him. The world around me is blurry and slightly spinning. But Minoru Urihara is as clear and still as can be before me. He reaches his arms up and wraps them around my neck. "I love you Fuyuki Shido." He gently presses his lips against mine. "Lets go home."
"Yah...." He removes his arms from my neck and we start to walk down the street. My cheeks are red and it's not from the cold winter air. I can't walk straight. The world around me only spins more as I stumble over my feet as I almost fall. 
"Come here...." Mino chuckles. He wraps his arm tightly around my waist holding me up.
"Sorry about this...." I groan placing my arm over his shoulders. 
"It's fine....it's not the first time I saw you completely wasted." He chuckles.
"Right....I confessed to you and made a move on you." I laugh out.
"I'm happy you did...." I hear him whisper softly.
"Me too..."
"Just promise me something Yuki..."
I turn my blurry gaze to him. "Anything."
"Never let Luna see you like this..."
I freeze in my spot. "Never...I wont get this bad again....Guess in the end I am still just some young kid in your eyes huh?" I laugh out. "Partying, getting drunk..."
"I usually forget your only 24." He laughs out. "When your working your so serious. When we are together your so in control and strong...I keep having to remind myself your not older then me but three years younger."
"You make me want to act more grown up." I blurt out.
Walking down the street some more with Mino holding me up he sighs out. "Can I ask something?"
"No..." I groan.
"Come on Yuki..."
"No, because I know what your going to ask...." I stare up at him as he helps hold me up on my feet. "You wanted to ask about Dannie and me....." I watch him bite his lower lip. "Fine...." I groan out. "Ask...."
"Well it's just I always pictured you being the dominate one....but after meeting Daniel...he is just as dominate and manly as you...."
I watch Mino tense up speaking about him. "We....took turns I guess you could say. Fuck this is embarrassing..." I mutter. "We just went with who ever initiated it.....well they took control and topped."
"Oh...."
"I don't want to talk about that fucking bastard....and you shouldn't either...."
"I know....I just was shocked when Sasha blurted that out." I watch him curiously. "I guess I just assumed with gay sex that it would always be the same person in control....like with a guy and girl."
"Most the time it is. The partners just get comfortable keeping it the same. You curious to try?" I ask with amusement in my eyes.
I watch his face turn bright red. "I....." He gazes into my eyes. "I mean.....do you want me too?"
I pause at that. "Honestly I never thought about it......but yah.....I want to feel you inside me." I openly blurt out in my drunken state.
"YUKI!" He gasps out as he pulls me down the road and pass the stares of people around us.
"Sorry..." I grin. "Now my turn to ask a question."
"Sure what?" He rushes me through the cold air.
"Do you really get turned on by looking at girls?" Mino stops walking and sighs out. "Do you miss being with a girl?"
"I wouldn't have said yes to marrying you if I didn't love you and want to be with you Fuyuki...."
"No I know....but when you see a hot girl...do you get urges to fuck her?"
"No......I mean yes I guess I will look at a girl and think she is hot....or cute....but no one makes my heart race like you do.....Your the only one I want to be with at the end of the day."
"Good answer...." I grin.
"Fuyuki come on...its seriously freezing out here....lets go home."
"Sorry...sorry..." I mumble. "Though I think the winter air is helping me sober up a bit..." I take a deep breath.
Finally arriving home we take off our winter coats. I watch Mino walk over and collapse onto the couch. "Fuck it was cold out tonight...."
"Then let me warm you up..." His head snaps up to meet mine as I walk over and straddle my legs over his.
"Yuki...."
I lean in and kiss his neck while straddling his lap.
"Mmmm..." Mino moans out as his head leans backwards allowing me more access.
I grin as I grab his tie in my hand. I yank on it and his face is now right before mine.
"Do you have a tie fetish?" Mino whispers with a sexy smile on his lips.
"I've told you plenty of times you turn me on dressed like this." I pull the tie again and my lips slam onto his. "I have never met anyone who has turned me on by wearing a tie before....."
"It's the same with your hair..." He whispers as I feel his hands run up and untie my brown long hair. It falls around my face and onto my shoulders. "Fuck I love it...." He whispers as he pulls me into another kiss. 
I begin to loosen the tie I bought Mino and pull it out form his shirt collar. Leaving the tie loosely around his neck I begin to unbutton his shirt. My lips start to attack any part of his skin I can. I suck and kiss his pale skin leaving red hickeys all over him.
"These show you belong to me and only me...." I grin at my work. With his shirt unbuttoned I push it off his shoulders and pull his arms free. I watch Mino raise his hands to pull the tie off when I stop him. "No....leave it on tonight please...." I beg of him.
"Yuki....." He hugs me. I feel his hands gently slip under my shirt to touch my back. I help him by unbuttoning my own shirt. I remove it from my body and Mino leans his head down to kiss my chest. "Let's take this to the bed...." He whispers seductively into my ear.
I crawl off of him and hold my hand out. He grasps it and I pull him up to his feet. Once we enter the bedroom my eyes grow wide as Mino slams my back up against the wall. I stare at him as my breathing grows heavy.
"This is what you want right? Me to take control Fuyuki?" I stare at him with lust in my eyes. "You want me to make you scream my name?" This is a new side to my shy Minoru....it is a turn on. I gulp as I nod my head.
"Yes.....I want to feel you inside me at least once...." I groan out in pleasure as he attacks my neck in kisses. I can already feel my hard on starting in my pants.
"Your enjoying this....." Mino whispers also noticing. He spreads my legs slightly as he places one of his legs in between mine.
"Yes...." I whisper. "Nngh.." Mino raises his knee up and presses it against my now throbbing member. I close my eyes as he kisses me roughly.
My body shivers as he lowers his lips down my body and kisses down to the top of my pants. I hear him unbuckle my belt and unzip my pants. I feel him pull them down along with my boxers. I kick them off my feet now leaving me completely naked.
I tense up feeling Mino lick my inner thigh with his tongue. "Mino....please Baby....GAH!" I gasp as he places my fully throbbing erection in his mouth. I feel his tongue swirl around my head and I can't hold back my moans. "Fuck......mmmmmm Mino.."
I pout when he pulls away and stands up smirking at me. "Not yet....." he whispers.
"Fuck your good at that...." I groan.
"Well lets see how good I am at this then...." He whispers. As he pulls me from the wall and pushes me backwards onto our bed. I stare up at him as he removes his black pants and boxers. I gulp watching him. "I'm nervous...I have never done this before..."
"It's fine.....Just do what I do to you...." He crawls above me. "First you need to prepare me for you."
"Rrrright...." The confidence he had moments ago is starting to disappear. "Lube right?"
"Yes....or this...." I grasp his hand and place his three middle fingers in my mouth. I watch as Mino bites his lower lip and closes his eyes. I swirl my tongue around his fingers then slowly pull them from my mouth. "Don't worry about being rough with me Baby.....I want you to be."
"Uhhh..."
"You know how amazing it feels when I am in you...."
"Yes...."
"Make me feel the same pleasure.."
He raises his one hand to my chest and runs it along my body. Enjoying his touch I close my eyes. I know Mino is freaking out. I help him by bending my knees up for him.
I groan out as I feel his fingers glide across my entrance.
"Mino Baby plea...AHH!" I cry out as he pushes one of his fingers inside me. "Fuck...." My breathing grows heavy. I feel him pull out and re-push his finger in. I arch my back. "Use two of them..." I whisper.
"As you wish..." He replies.
"Oh fuck yah.." I moan as he pushes in two this time. I shiver as I feel him scissor me, stretching me. "GAH!" I gasp as he pulls out and enters in a third finger.
"Yuki...." I open my eyes and gaze at Mino. His eyes are on me and clouded over in pure lust. His purple hair falls around his face. His chest is rising and falling as his breathing picks up. "Your so fucking hot...."
"I need you in me....right now..." When he pulls his fingers out of me I sit up and reach over grabbing the bottle of lube. I pour some lube on my hands and reach out rubbing it over Mino's erection.
"Mmmmm Yuki...." Mino's eyes close as I caress him covering him in lube.
"Ok Baby....your turn...." His eyes open. "Make love to me...."
He positions our bodies. He takes one of my legs and puts it over his arm to give him better access. "Let me know if I hurt you...." He whispers.
"You won't....." I smile at him. "Fuck me Mino...mmm" I moan as I feel him press against me.
"Yuki...." I hear his breathing pick up as he starts to push into me.
"Oh fuck ya.....mmm Mino!" I moan out as he enters me. I grip my hands onto the bed sheets below me. Mino's hands place on my hips as he pulls out and pushes back into me.
"You feel amazing...." I hear him moan out. 
"Faster Baby...." I groan in pleasure. He does as I asks and starts to pounds into me. "Mino....oh god.....I...this.....amazing..." I can't even form proper sentences as he thrusts into me even deeper. 
"Ohhhhh mmm." He moans above me. "I......don't know how long I can last.....feels so good....."
"Mino...FUCK!" I cry out as he hits my prostate causing my body to go into overdrive.
"Right there huh?" He whispers as he leans down to me. He thrusts into me over and over hitting my pleasurable spot. 
"MINO!" I cry out as he suddenly grasps my erection in his hands. "
"Your so fucking hot...." he moans out as he pumps his hand faster while picking up his pace for thrutsting into me.
"Oh fucking lord!" I cry out... "Mino....I.....oh fuck....I..."
"Me too Yuki.....me....too...." 
I feel the pressure building up into my climax. Then with one final thrust from Mino I hit my max and I feel my orgasm wash through my body as I release over his hand and my body.
"YUKI!!!" He screams my name as I feel him hit his max. I feel him release inside of me.
I lay there breathing heavy as he pulls out of me and collapses onto the bed. I push my body up onto my elbows and gaze at Minoru.
"That was amazing...."
"It was...." He whispers looking at me. He leans over and kisses me. I watch his face blush red.
"What baby....."
"Don't get me wrong....I loved that.....but...."
"But you love me in you more...." I grin. "I know me too.....that was fucking hot....but I prefer to thrust into you."
"I still enjoyed seeing that new side to you..." He smiles.
"Same here....your fucking hot when you take control like that." I grin as I see his tie still around his neck. "I reach up and pull it over his head. "I will always think of tonight now whenever you wear this tie...."
I watch him blush.
"Shall we take a bath to wash up?" I suggest.
"Ok..." He smiles. "Yuki I love you..."
"I love you too Baby..."
...
Hope you all enjoyed this crazy long chapter ;)


Phone Calls & Pick Ups
I wake up to be met by Fuyuki's sleeping face. I smile as I face him. Last night we made love together, but this time I made him mine. I smile as the memory of Yuki's face comes into my mind. It was different for sure. It was very enjoyable...but when he is the one to make love to me......
I raise my fingers and gently trace them along his cheek.
"I love you Yuki..."
"Love you too Babe."
My hand freezes on his cheek. "I didn't know you were awake..." I whisper quietly.
"Mmmm?" He opens his eyes sleepily to gaze at me. "Morning beautiful." He smiles at me.
"Did I wake you?" I speak softly.
"No...." I watch him stretch as he sits up. The bed sheets fall off his bare body. I can't help my eyes travelling down his muscular body.
"Do you want some coffee?" I ask him as I go to stand up from the bed.
"After...."
"After what?"
"After this..." He grins as he pulls my body down onto the bed. "I want a morning kiss...." He grins as I stare up at him from my back.
"Yuki...." I smile. Reaching my arms up I wrap them around his neck. He leans down and kisses me softly. His kiss soon turns rougher as his hands start to roam my body.
"Mino....." He kisses my neck. "Stay in bed with me a little longer? I didn't get enough of you last night...I enjoyed it, but I need to give you all of me..."
I smile at him. He brings his hand to my face and caresses my cheek. "Then kiss me." I grin pulling him down so our lips become one once more soon along with our bodies.
...
Yuki is in the shower as I make some lunch for the two of us. We spent all morning together in bed making love. Sipping my cup of coffee I hear the shower turn off. I smile knowing lunch will be ready any moment.
Just as I start to plate out our meal I see Fuyuki's phone ringing.
"Yuki your cell is ringing!" I call out.
"Mino can you answer it? Just take a message for me please." He calls through the door.
Grabbing his phone I flip it open. I pause as I see my picture as his display screen. I blush as I answer the phone call.
"Hello Fuyuki Shido's phone. Minoru speaking."
"Oh Mr Urihara, this is Miss Tanaka." My heart starts to race. "I am glad I was able to get a hold of you."
"Miss Tanaka.....does this mean...."
"Yes, The papers went through....I was hoping if you and Mr Shido where available tomorrow you could both come to the orphanage. I can get Luna's things all packed up today and she will be ready to go home with you tomorrow..."  I can't believe what I am hearing. I remain in a stunned silence. "Mr Urihara? Did I lose the connection?"
"Mino? Who is it?" I stand there just holding the phone to my ear completely silent. I can't seem to comprehend what I just heard. "Mino? Here give me the phone...." He chuckles out. When I make no move in handing the phone over he pries it from my hand.
I walk over in a daze as I collapse onto the couch.
"Sorry about that....This is Shido....Miss Tanaka!" I can hear Yuki's voice as I raise my hands and place them against my face. "Really? No....Minoru is, he is happy.....just stunned I think....yah we will both be there in the morning!"
Tears form in my eyes.
"Mino!" Fuyuki rushes to me and kneels before me. 
"Is this a dream?" I whisper.
"No Baby....." Yuki places his hands on mine and removes them from my face. I gaze into his sparkling green eyes. "Our daughter gets to come home tomorrow morning with us!" I watch a huge smile appear on his face.
"Yuki..." I throw my arms around his neck in a hug as my tears fall down my cheeks.
"I know....." He rubs my back as he hugs me tightly to him. "This place will get a lot more fun...Our 3 year old daughter running around the place."
"You don't work tomorrow right?"
"Well I was supposed to...I will call them today saying I can't."
"Good. I want you there when we bring her home."
"I wouldn't miss that for anything." He pulls away a bit to be able to look at me. "The man I love, and our daughter....I have never been happier." He wipes away my tears. "I wish we could pick her up today."
"Me too...." Fear flashes in my mind as memories from the night before I picked Rei up. 
Fuyuki must have noticed as he cups my face. "That will not happen this time. We will arrive at the orphanage tomorrow and our daughter will be waiting for us." 
"I thought that last time...."
"Minoru!" I look deeply into Fuyuki's green eyes. "Tomorrow morning our daughter will be healthy and waiting to start a life together with us."
"Your right....." I close my eyes and take a deep breath. "History will not repeat itself a second time...."
"No it will not."
I smile at Yuki. "Oh right....lunch is ready."
"Ok. Come on." Yuki holds his hand out to me. I place mine in his and he pulls me to my feet.
...
In the morning I find myself awake before the sun rises. Since me and Yuki officially started dating I don't wake up so early any more. This is the earliest I woke up in awhile now. I can't stop the smile as I sit up in bed. I glance beside me to see the bed empty, and the door open.
"Yuki?" I call out to him.
"In the living room...." I hear his faint voice.
I pull on a sweater over my bare upper body as I am only wearing sleeping pants. I walk down the small hallway to find Yuki standing in the living room with a cup of coffee in his hands. "Your up early...guess today is a big day for us." I smile as I walk over and pour myself a cup of coffee.
"Yah it is...and I wanted to get this finished before we left."
"Finish what?" I ask as I place my coffee on the counter and turn to look at him. It's a good thing I wasn't holding my coffee or I would have dropped it. I stand there eyes wide. I feel tears forming as I walk over silently to stand beside Yuki.
"Please say you like it...."
"You did this....for me?" 
I feel him wrap one arm around my waist. "Yes...."
"I.....thank your Yuki...."
"Your not upset?"
I shake my head. "No......I am happy. This means so much to me..."
"I am glad....We still have a ways till we are to pick up Luna..." he grabs my coffee and hands it to me. then guides me to the couch and pulls me into him. I snuggle up against his strong warm chest. I listen to his steady breathing and heart beat.
I gaze up at the wall that was once blank and boring. I smile as I stare at it now.
There is a painted board that reads 'Our Family'
Around it is Mine and Yuki's name in wooden letters. Along with Luna's. Then beside Luna's is the letters that once hung in the spare bedroom spelling out Rei's name.
...
I hold Yuki's hand tightly as we step off the bus and walk towards Osaka Orphanage.
"I can't calm my heart beat." I whisper.
"Me either." Yuki squeezes my hand. "This is it..." We both stop as our eyes land on the small orphanage. "The beginning of our family."
I can't stop smiling as I look up at Yuki. 
Knocking on the door it opens revealing Miss Tanaka's happy smiling face.
"Right on time...." she smiles and steps out of the way so we can enter. "Luna hasn't been able to calm down since I told her you were coming this morning."
"Where is she?" Yuki asks.
"She is saying goodbye to the other children." She walks off and we follow behind her. 
We enter the main room where we first met her.
I feel Yuki squeeze my hand once more as we watch Luna hugging the other children.
"Luna." Miss Tanaka smiles. "It's time to leave."
We watch her turn around and her huge brown eyes light up. "Daddy!" she smiles as she runs to us. "You came back for me!"
Me and Yuki bend down and she throws her arms around my neck. Then her eyes light up seeing Yuki. "Yay my other Daddy came!" And she jumps from my arms into Yuki's.
"Luna." I speak out softly and she smiles at me. "Are you ready to go home?"
"Yah...." She nods her head.
Miss Tanaka walks us to the entrance. "All her belongings are in this luggage...if you ever need anything please feel free to contact me."
"We will." Yuki smiles. "Thank you for everything." Yuki picks up her luggage back and places the strap over his shoulder.
"Luna, do you have Kitty and Mr Fluffy?" I smile at her.
She giggles. "Shhh....they sleeping." She points to the bag on Fuyuki's shoulder. 
Me and Yuki glance at one another smiling. "Well, lets go home." Yuki smiles. Luna reaches up and takes one of my hands and one of Yuki's.
Luna was so cute on the bus. She has never been on one before. She sat on my lap and had her hands pressed against the window. She would point at things and giggle.
"Daddy did you see that!" She would look from me then to Yuki who was sitting beside me.
When we got off at our stop we still had to walk to the apartment.
"Daddy...." She tugs on Yuki's arm. "I'm sweepy....." She mumbles.
"Miss Tanaka said you were up very early this morning." I smiled.
She looks up at Yuki. "Ups!" She reaches out to him.
"Come here munchkin." Hearing this causes Luna to giggle. 
I stand there in awe watching Yuki scoop up our daughter in his arms. He holds her easily in his left arm while her small luggage is on his left shoulder. 
"Mino Baby." He holds his hand out to me. "Lets go home."
I smile and place my hand in his. He pulls me against him and wraps his arm around my waist while I wrap mine around his. He leans down and kisses me softly on the lips. Then turns and kisses Luna's forehead.
I watch as Luna plays with Yuki's long hair while her eyes shine with happiness. 
Together we make our way home as a family through the snowy winter streets. 
...


A Romantic Fuyuki
I walk out from the back of the bakery as I place my coat on. "Done for the day?" I turn to see Davie rearranging the displays.
"Yah. I need to go pick up Luna from Day care."
"How is that? Having a daughter I mean?" Davie asks.
"The greatest gift I could have ever received." I smile at him. "Are you and your mom still planning to make it this weekend?"
"We wouldn't miss it for anything. Your apart of our family now Minoru."
"That makes me happy." I smile at that thought. I lost out on my real family years ago. I only somehow managed to rekindle a relationship with my younger 16 year old sister. But now I have two families. The one I work with. Then there is Yuki and Luna.
"See ya Saturday!" Davie grins and waves at me. "Don't be late!" He winks at me.
"See ya." I smile at him as I open the shop doors and step outside.
I stand there for a moment and take a deep breath. The weather is warm as a soft breeze blows my purple hair around my face. No longer worrying about slipping on the icy surface I smile as I stare up into the clear blue sky. The sun shines down on me as I make my way down the street. 
My phone buzzes and I pull it out seeing a text message from Yuki.
-Hey babe...I am taking you out for a romantic dinner tonight-
I smile as I gaze at the screen. Before I respond I get a second message from him.
-Don't worry about Luna, I got that covered...I got the best babysitter my money could buy-
I smile. I go to reply when I get another message again.
-Be dressed in something fancy by 6pm. I will pick you up then. Love you Baby-
-Love you too Yuki-
 I smile as I put my phone in my pocket of my jeans.
Arriving at the daycare I spot Luna outside playing in the grassy fields. She sees me and I smile at her waving.
"Daddy!" She smiles at me. "Bye!" She waves to her friends and the Daycare owner as she runs and hugs my legs. "Can we play at the park before going home Daddy?"
"Sure beautiful." I smile. I bend down and pick her up in my arms. She hugs my neck and plays with my purple hair. "How was Daycare."
"We painted today!" She smiles at me. 
"I can't wait to see it." Walking to the park I place her down and she runs off to play on the play ground.
"Daddy come catch me!" She giggles from the top of the slide.
My biggest dream has finally come true with this little angel and Fuyuki in my life. I stand at the bottom of the slide and she slides down with me catching her.
"Lets do it again!" She grins. as she runs back up the stairs.
After some time I see her starting to get sleepy. "Come on you." I pick her up and she lays her face against my chest. "Time to go home and have a little nap."
By the time I arrive home Luna is completely asleep in my arms. I chuckle to myself as I unlock the door and enter.
"Welcome home Minoru....oh she is sleeping." I stand there in shock as I see my sister.
"Kiki? What on earth are you doing here? I thought you weren't coming until Friday?"
"Well that was the original plan..." Kiki follows me as I walk to Luna's room. 
"So what changed that?" I glance at her. Kiki pulls the bed sheets back. "Thanks." I smile as I lay Luna on her bed beside her Kitty and Teddy Mr Fluffy. I remove her shoes and pull the blanket over her. Kissing her forehead we exit the room quietly.
"Well I came early for babysitting." She smiles at me, "I was told you are going to have a hot date tonight." I blush at that.
I laugh out loud. "So your the best babysitter that money could buy...."
"Yup!" She smiles at me. "Ask Fuyuki. I don't come cheap..."
"Way to steal all of Yuki's money..." I shake my head.
"Hey just because I am family don't mean I come free." She winks at me.
"No....you definitely don't."
I glance at the time and see its 4:00pm. "Well I am going to shower and get ready for tonight....if Luna wakes up you can give her some fruit if she is hungry."
"Ok..." Kiki smiles as she flops down on the couch.
Stepping out of the shower I brush my hair and make my way to the bedroom to get dressed.
"Something fancy huh...." I grab clean boxers and pull them on. Opening my closet I grab my black dress pants and put them on. My eyes gaze from shirt to shirt when I settle on a long sleeved white button up shirt. Tucking it into my pants I grab one of the many purple ties that Yuki has bought me over the past months. I grab a nice black dinner party jacket and pull it on. I stand in front of the mirror, happy with my appearance I exit the bedroom.
"Well don't you look handsome." Kiki smiles at me from the kitchen.
"Kiki........" I raise my hand to my head and sigh. "I told you to give Luna fruit if she was hungry.....What do you think you are doing?" I ask irritated out of my mind.
"Well......fruit was boring...so I thought lets make smoothies!" 
My hands shake in anger as I stare at my once again destroyed kitchen.
"Daddy it's yummy!" My eyes land on Luna who is drinking her smoothie.
I turn my gaze back to my annoying sister. "You..." I point to her, "clean this up right now! And as for you little Missy." I turn to Luna who smiles innocently at me. "Why don't you go draw Dad a picture?" 
I watch her eyes light up. "Ok Daddy!"
Yuki came up with the idea to be less confusing for Luna until she was older. That she calls me Daddy and him Dad.
I walk into the kitchen and open the fridge. "Will you ever learn to make something without causing a complete mess?" I sigh as I look to Kiki. 
"Sorry...." 
"Here there is left overs you and Luna can have for dinner. Please Kiki no crazy junk food before bed for her."
"I won't....I learned my lesson last time I did that...she was up for HOURS! Do I need to give her a bath before bed?"
"If she lets you. If she makes a fuss I can give her one tomorrow. Make sure to put her in bed before 8pm."
"Will do!"
My phone buzzes and I open it.
-I am almost home...meet me downstairs-
"Ok I have to go." I turn and walk to Luna's room. She sits with her stuffies at the kids drawing table. "Luna darling I am going out for the night with Dad."
She looks up at me and shows me her drawing. "Will he like it?"
"He will love it." I smile at her. "Listen to Auntie Kiki tonight while we are gone. We will see you in the morning ok?"
"Daddy....can you give this to Dad for me?" I watch her fold the paper in half.
"Ok Darling I will." I fold the paper another time and slide it safely into my dinner jacket pocket. "have a good night. Love you." I kiss her forehead.
"Love you too Daddy." She chuckles and grabs another blank piece of paper to draw.
I exit her room and smile at Kiki. "See you later tonight."
"Have fun!" Kiki waves at me as she cleans her mess.
Placing my shoes on I exit the building and walk to the elevator. I exit and stand outside in the spring weather. I am happy the weather is warm now. But at the same time I miss seeing everything covered in the white snow. It is mid April now.
Me and Yuki were able to celebrate the New Year with Luna at home.
"Hello handsome." I spin around with a smile on my face.
"Hey hot stuff." I grin as Yuki walks up to me and pulls me into a kiss.
"Damn Mino you look fucking sexy...." I blush as he kisses me once more. "You ready for our romantic evening?"
"Always..." I smile at him. Fuyuki is dressed in black dress pants with a black button up shirt on. He has a black jacket over top. "So where are we going?"
"Hmmm that is a surprise...Shall we?" He motions towards a black stretched limo before us.
"Your kidding right?"
"Do you not know me by now? You deserve the absolute best..." He walks over and the driver opens the door for us.
"Yuki....this is...wow...."
"I know...." He smiles at me. "I want tonight to be perfect...come my love" He holds his hand out to mine. Smiling I accept by placing mine in his.
After about 15 minutes the limo pulls over and Fuyuki hops out and holds his hand out to me. We find ourselves in front of a huge fancy expensive hotel.
"What are we doing here?"
"They have this amazing fancy 5 star restaurant. You will love it." He smiles at me with his green eyes sparkling. We walk through the Hotel entrance and he pulls me towards the restaurant. "Reservation under Shido." he smiles at the girl who welcomed us.
"Yes. Right this way.." We follow her outside onto the patio. We are led to a table for two under the stars.
"This is beautiful." I smile.
"I am glad you think so." Yuki pulls out a chair for me and I sit down. Sitting across from me he motions for the waiter to come over who already has a bottle of white wine in his hands.
"As you ordered..." He shows Yuki the bottle. 
"Yes thank you..." The waiter pours our glasses and then walks off.
"So what is tonight all about?" I ask curious.
"Well....I am going to be pretty busy getting my deadlines done the next couple of nights so I will be free on the weekend....So I wanted one last perfect date while I can still call you my boyfriend..."
"Yuki...." I hold my hand out for him. He places his in mine and entwines our fingers together.
"Are you ready for Saturday Mino? Are you ready to become Minoru Shido?"
"I have been ready for awhile now."
"Me too...."
"Oh! Before I forget..." I pull out the folded up paper and hold it out to him smiling. "This is for you."
"What is it?"
"Just open it and you will know...."
I watch him pick the paper up and he unfolds it. I watch his lips curl up in a smile as he laughs out loud. "She is to precious."
"She wanted me to give that to you."
"I will cherish this forever." He refolds the drawing and places it in his pocket. "I love having Luna in our lives."
"She makes it absolutely perfect."
...
After our romantic dinner Yuki takes my hand and guides me to the hotel elevator. "Yuki what are you doing?"
"Come on Mino....our date isn't done yet." He smiles at me.
I step in the elevator with him and he presses the top floor. I look at him in utter confusion. Once we arrive at the 24th floor we walk down the fancy hallway to a door. I watch Yuki pull a card swipe key from his pocket and opens the door.
"Come on...." He smiles as he opens the door for me. I step inside to be stunned by the fancy huge hotel room.
"Yuki?" I go to turn around to face him when he wraps his arms around me from behind.
"We are staying here for the night....Kiki already knows, don't worry." He whispers. "For you..." I gasp as he holds out a single red rose in his hands for me.
"Well aren't you all romantic this evening..."
"Is that a bad thing?" He whispers into my ear.
I shake my head. "No.....I like it..."
"Good.....because you deserve the best....I love you Minoru." I feel his lips kiss my neck. "Lets celebrate the remaining time we have before you officially become my husband."
I turn around in Fuyuki's arms and wrap mine around his neck. I pull him down and capture his lips in a kiss. I reach up and untie his brown hair allowing it to cascade over my hand and down to his shoulders.
I feel Yuki loosen my tie, I already know he wont remove it from my body. This has become a usual thing for him. He loves making love to me while I wear the ties he has bought for me. We slide each others jackets off and start to unbutton each others shirts.
"How did I ever get so lucky?" Yuki whispers while he pushes my shirt off my arms and free from my body. "I have never been so happy before..." He lets his shirt slide down his arms and onto the floor. "Shall we check out the bedroom?" He whispers in a sexy voice.
"Yes...." I blush slightly.
"Come with me...." He grins as he grasps my hand tightly in his. I follow him from the massive living room and we find ourselves in a room with glass floor to ceiling doors that lead to a private balcony. There is a massive king sized bed.
"Wow...." I whisper out. "I don't want to know how much you spent for us to stay here for one night..." I say quietly.
"Then I won't tell you...." Yuki grins as he walks up to me. His hands run over my bare upper body causing me to shiver from his gentle touch. I feel his hands start to unbuckle my pants as I do the same to his.
Once we are both completely naked Yuki gently pushes me down on the bed. He crawls above me and kisses every inch of me. "Mmmmm Yuki..." I moan out as his lips and hands move across my body.
"There is no Luna here tonight Baby....feel free to scream my name as loud as you want."
"AH!" I gasp out as Yuki grasps my erected member and begins to pump me slowly. "Yuki..." I moan out enjoying his touch.
Reaching down I gently take Fuyuki's erection in my hand. "Nnngh, hah..." He breathes out as I begin to pump him. 
I moan loudly as Yuki quickens his pace, I match my pace to his. Our heavy breathing and moans are the only sounds echoing around the room.
Yuki removes his hand and leans over to the table where I notice a bottle of lube. "I came prepared for us..." He smiles at me. I take the lube from his hands and pour some onto my hands. Yuki watches me as I reach out and coat the lube on him. "MMmmm hah, hhhah." He moans from my touch.
"I need you right now...." I beg craving him.
"Gladly..." He grasps my hips and I feel him start to push inside of me. "Mmmm your tight today..."
"AH! Hah, hah.....mmmm" I moan as he starts to thrust in and out of me. "YUKI!" I scream out as he grasps my throbbing member in his hand once more
"Fuck Mino.....I....don't think I can last very long......this feels so good...."
"Mmmm me either....nnngh hah!" I gasp as I feel Yuki hit my prostate. "Right there!" I arch my back in pleasure as Yuki keeps hitting my pleasurable spot with each thrust while he hand pumps me. "Yuki....I....AH! hah, hah..hhh." I hit my climax and I feel my release hit my body along with coating Yuki's hand.
"Fuck that was hot....." He thrusts faster. "Mino!" I feel his body begin to shake as with one final thrust I feel his release.
Pulling out of me he collapses beside me. Our breathing is out of control as we lay there beside each other.
"I don't think I could ever get tired of doing that..." I whisper.
"Mmmm me either...." I turn to see Yuki gazing at me. "This room has a hot tub on the private balcony. Shall we?"
"That sounds nice and relaxing." I smile.
"Come my love." Yuki smiles as he kisses me and leads me towards the hot tub.
We climb into the hot water. Yuki hugs me as we stand in the water. "Mino I love you...." He kisses me as I kiss him back. 
I love you too Yuki...." I smile. "Thank you for tonight....this whole date was perfect...."
"Only for you...." I feel him kiss my forehead as we look up at the starry sky above us together. 
...


Beneath The Cherry Blossoms
Rolling over onto my stomach I smile at Fuyuki.
"Did you sleep well?" He smiles at me as he reaches his hand out to brush my purple bangs from my eyes.
"I slept amazing....Yuki, last night....it was perfect. Your perfect."
"I will have to take you out for fancy dates more often. I love seeing you this happy. I love knowing I was the reason to cause that smile."
"You always make me smile." I then groan as I lay my head back on the pillow.
"What babe?"
"Guess we need to get dressed and leave....time to return back to reality."
"Not yet...." I glance up to see Yuki grinning at me. Just then a knock sounds on the main door. "Ah right on time."
"Who is that?" I ask curious as I sit up.
"Stay in bed baby. I will be right back." I watch him grab one of the hotel robes and place it over his bare upper body.
I sit there as I can just make out muffled voices. "Thanks so much." I hear Yuki speak out then the sound of the door closes. "Mino....close your eyes for a sec."
"Why?"
"Please..."
I grin to myself as I sit there smiling like an idiot with my eyes closed tightly. "Ok...they're closed."
"Good...no peeking."
"I wont..." I can't seem to get my smile to leave my lips.
I hear Yuki moving around, suddenly a delicious smell hits my senses. I take a deep breath. "Ok....." Yuki quickly kisses my lips. "Open your eyes." I do as he says. Beside the bed is a small cart with fresh brewed coffee. There are different breakfast items on it, including waffles, french toast, scrambled eggs, bacon and a bowl of fresh strawberries.
"That looks delicious...."
"Well we couldn't very well stay here the night and not have room service for breakfast." Yuki chuckles as he pours two cups of coffee. I watch him add my cream and sugar. "Here you go baby." 
"Thanks." I smile at him as I hold the cup up before my face. I inhale a deep breath, enjoying the fresh coffee aroma.
Yuki sits beside me on the bed. "So waffles? or French toast?"
I stare at both of them. "French toast." I smile. I go to reach for some when Yuki pushes me back down.
"Let me spoil you some more." I watch him plate up some french toast for me. "Syrup?" He asks his eyes meeting mine. I nod my head as a slight blush appears on my cheeks. "Here you go...." I take the plate from his hands.
"You do so much for me..." I whisper happily.
"That shows how much I love you.." He leans in and kisses my cheek. "God I can't wait for Saturday."
I feel my cheeks burn a deeper red. "Me too...."
"Minoru Shido.....I like it." He grins at me. I watch as he takes a bite of his waffle. "Mmm this is good....not as good as your cooking though." He winks at me. "So, do we need to pick up anything else before Saturday?"
"No, don't think so...I will pick up our rings tomorrow from the store. Then I was thinking of taking Luna shopping for a dress to wear."
"She will love that." Yuki chuckles. Yuki places his hand on my left one. "I can't wait to see you wearing a wedding band that matches my own. I hate waiting this long..."
"I know....I would have gladly married you back then right after you asked me....but...."
"I loved your idea Mino." He leans in and kisses my cheek. "I am looking forward to saying our wedding vows beneath the Cherry Blossoms."
"Yuki you sure your not going to over work yourself?" I whisper worried. "I mean instead of all this and last night...you could have been working on meeting your deadlines."
"Your more important to me then my work. I needed a break from it. Don't worry baby. By the time Saturday comes I will have all my articles handed in. I would never trade in yesterday. It was the greatest date I have ever planned."
"And an expensive one...."
"Minoru...you deserved every penny that I spent....I would gladly do it again.." He cups my face and kisses my lips. "Mmm you taste like french toast." He chuckles as he takes a piece of bacon and eats it.
"So how long do we have here before they kick us out?" I laugh out as I go to reach for a strawberry.
Yuki sees this and grabs it before I can. "We have as long as we want...open up." He holds the strawberry out to me.
Blushing I lean in towards him. Closing my eyes I bite the strawberry. "Mmmm so sweet." I smile as I open my eyes to see Yuki gazing at me.
"Yah? Here, have another..." I blush as I once again bite the strawberry he holds out for me. This soft, sweet, romantic side of Yuki...I could really get used to this. "Good?" He leans in close to me.
"Yes...."
"May I taste?" He grins at me as he kisses me passionately. 
"Mmmm.." I moan into the kiss as he sticks his tongue in my mouth. I shiver in delight as our tongues massage one anothers.
He pulls away and places his forehead against mine. "Your right....that was good."
"I wish we could stay like this forever...." I whisper as I take his hand in mine and entwine our fingers together.
"We will be together forever Mino..." Yuki whispers as he moves the food out of the way. "In just a couple of days you will no longer be my boyfriend....you will be my husband." Yuki places his hands on my shoulders and I allow him to push me backwards so I now lay on my back. Gazing up at him he hovers above me. "You will forever be mine...." He whispers as he leans in and gently kisses me.
...
"We're home!" I call out, as we enter our apartment.
"Daddy! Dad!" Me and Yuki chuckle as we hear tiny feet running towards us.
"Hey munchkin!" Yuki grins as she runs and jumps into his arms. He picks her up and she hugs him tightly. She kisses his cheek then leans over and kisses mine as I stand beside them.
"You three make the cutest family." I turn to see Kiki smiling at us. "How was your big date?" She smiles.
I can't hide my smile. "It was amazing.....Thanks for watching Luna for us."
"No worries. It was fun. We watched cartoons and played together. Hope you don't mind we both slept in your bed."
"Yah...our little munchkin has a habit of crawling in bed with us." Yuki laughs as he pokes Luna's side.
"Dad, no tickles!" She giggles as he holds her in his arms.
"Daddy gave me your drawing for me. I loved it Luna."
"Yay!" She giggles and hugs him tighter.
"She has you both wrapped around her little fingers." Kiki grins.
"Yes she does..." Yuki agrees.
"Did she have a bath last night?" I ask Kiki.
"No. She said she didn't need one. Then she started to fall asleep so we curled up in your bed together."
"Auntie Kiki told me stories!" Luna giggles. 
"Awww...we missed story time..." Yuki pouts playfully causing her to giggle even more. 
"Dad, can we go to the park today?" She asks.
"Aww munchkin I really want to...but I have work to do." He leans in and rubs his nose against hers. "But I bet Daddy and Auntie Kiki would love to take you."
Luna's eyes light up and she turns to me. "Daddy can we?"
"For a little bit." I smile.
Yuki kisses her cheeks. "Go get your shoes and jacket ready."
"I wish you could come." I whisper as I walk up to Yuki.
"Yah. Me too...but work is just busy right now."
"Fuyuki. If we need to change the date to a less busy time then tell me. I won't be mad."
"Baby it's fine...." He cups my face in his warm strong hands. "Saturday I am marrying you, no matter what." He grins.
"Daddy! Aunty Kiki! I ready!" Luna calls from the entrance.
"Go take our daughter to the park. I will see you when your home."
"Ok.....I love you." I lean up and kiss his lips softly.
"I love you too Mino."
...
The following day Yuki went into the office as I went shopping with Kiki and Luna.
"Fuyuki is busy with work this week." She sighs out.
"Yah...His deadlines are all due this weekend. He wants to finish them all early so the weekend he..."
"He doesn't have to do anything but marry you."
I feel my cheeks blush red. "Yah....Man I still can't believe I am getting married in two days!" I say in awe. "It doesn't seem real you know...hey lets try this store." I smile.
"Oh we should find a dress for Luna in here." Kiki smiles. "You ready to try on dresses."
"Yup!" Luna smiles as she holds my hand tightly skipping beside me. Her brown hair is braided back as her big brown eyes shine with happiness. "Can Mr Fluffy get a dress too!" She asks as her left arm holds her teddy tightly to her. "Poor Kitty is sick...she had to stay home in bed and sleep today."
"Oh no...I hope Kitty gets better." Kiki smiles.
"She will. I gave her a kiss."
I can't stop the smile on my face. "Ok Luna lets find you a pretty dress."
"Do I get to be a Princess?"
"Your always my Princess." I smile.
"Hey is it cool if I go look for a dress myself?" Kiki smiles. "Since we're here."
"Sure....We will be in the children's section."
"See you in a bit." Kiki smiles and walks off to the other side of the store.
"Ok sweetie. Come on."
"Daddy....I want a purple dress! It will match your pretty hair!"
"Purple it is." Luna's face lights up as we enter the shop. I stop completely unsure of where to even begin.
"May I help you find something?" I turn to see a young girl who works here walk up to me.
"Ah, yes. We are looking for a purple dress."
"An every day dress or special occasion?" She smiles at me as she looks to Luna.
"For a wedding..." I blush.
"Daddy is marrying Dad!" Luna smiles as she hugs my legs. "I get to wear purple!"
"Well congratulations." She smiles at me. "Let me show you our fancier girl dresses."
"Thanks..." With Luna gripping my hand tightly we follow the young worker.
"If you need any help please just ask." She smiles and walks back to the front counter.
"Daddy it's pretty!" Luna points to a pale purple dress. The skirt part poofs out. Then around the waist is a think dark purple sash to tie in a bow at the back.
"Well let's find your size and try it on." I smile. With the dress and Luna in hand I walk to the worker and ask for a change room. She smiles and leads me to the dressing room. 
"Daddy look I am a Princess!" Luna twirls around in circles in front of the mirror.
"Yes you are. I think its perfect." I pull out my phone. "Luna smile at me." She stops twirling. Hugging Mr Fluffy she smiles as I snap a picture.
-Our Princess is all ready for Saturday-
I send the message attached with the photo. I help Luna out of the dress and back into her clothes. As we exit the dressing room my phone buzzes.
-She looks beautiful, what are you all doing for lunch?-
-We were thinking of stopping at a family restaurant-
-Which one? I will meet you there. I need a small break from work-
I smile at the thought of seeing Yuki. I text him the restaurant and I pick Luna up in my arms. "Let's go find Auntie Kiki."
"Ok!"
Once we found Kiki she had a dress in her hands. "Here take Luna and wait for me outside. I will get your dress for you."
"Minoru you don't need to do that..."
"I want to..." I place Luna down and she instantly takes Kiki's hand. "I will be just a moment." I smile as I walk up to the cash register with both dresses.
...
Before lunch we stop at one last shop. My heart pounds as the three of us enter the shop. Kiki takes Luna to look at the displays of jewelry as I walk to the main counter.
"How may I help you today?"
"I am here to pick up my order."
"Of course. Last name?"
"It's under Shido, Fuyuki."
"One moment please." The man smiles and walks into the back room. Kiki walks over and Luna latches onto my legs. I smile down at her as the man walks back to me. "Here we are Mr Shido."
"Oh....uhh...." I blush red. I hear Kiki giggling at my reaction.
"What do you think?" The man asks as he opens the box.
"They're perfect." I smile as I gaze at the matching gold wedding band set. I pick up the box and place it safely in my jacket pocket.
After we met up with Yuki for lunch. 
"Dad!" Luna smiles and ran to him.
"Hey Munchkin." She giggles. "I saw the picture of you in your dress. You're our little Princess." Yuki walks up to me and leans in and kisses my on the lips. "You get everything today?"
"Yah.....We're all set for Saturday."
Yuki takes my hand in his. "Good. I am glad." I feel him rubbing his thumb along my left ring finger.
"Hows your work going?" I ask as we sit at our table. Luna is colouring one of those kids place mats they have with crayons. Kiki is smiling as she helps Luna.
"It's almost done...I just had to get out of that stuffy office.
"Can I have chocolate milk!" Luna suddenly asks.
"Of course sweetie." I smile. I turn my gaze back to Yuki. My blue eyes lock with his dazzling green eyes. We smile at each other softly.
...
The next day passed by in a blur.
I woke up Saturday morning to see Yuki sitting beside me on the bed smiling at me. "Morning Babe." I sit up and I see a single white rose in his hand. He holds it out to me. "I thought today would never come fast enough."
I take the white rose and raise it up smelling its sweet soft scent. "It's beautiful."
I look to Yuki and I see him holding his hand out to me. "Are you ready."
"Yes...." Smiling I place my hand in his. He pulls my body up off the bed. We stand gazing into one anothers eyes. "Mino, I love you so much." He leans in and kisses me softly.
"I love you too Fuyuki." I whisper as I return his kisses.
...
"Man I am not used to wearing one of these..." Yuki sighs out as he places a tie around his neck.
"It's a good look on you." I smile as I walk up to him. I take it in my hands and tie it for him. Yuki is dressed in black dress pants. A short sleeved white button up shirt. A black tie and a black dress jacket.
I am wearing the same, except my white button up shirt has long sleeves and I am wearing one of my deep dark purple ties that Yuki bought me.
"Just as sexy as ever...." Yuki whispers into my ear as he kisses my cheek. "Come on. Let's go check to make sure Kiki and Luna are getting ready."
I nod my head, grabbing my jacket and leaving our bedroom. Sitting on the couch in her purple dress is Luna while Kiki exits the bathroom fully dressed.
"You both ready?" Yuki asks.
"Yes." Kiki walks over to me and hugs me tightly. "You both look so handsome."
"Well I guess we should leave. Before we're late for our own wedding." Chuckles Yuki. He holds out his hand for me. "Mino...." I smie as I place my hand in his.
"I'm ready...."
...
I feel like I am dreaming. With our closest friends gathered around us. I stand tightly holding Yuki's hand in mine. The warm spring breeze blows around us.
"Fuyuki Shido if you will."
Yuki grins at me.
"Minoru. I knew from the first moment I laid my eyes on you I was in love. I will never forget that look on your face when we first bumped into each other. Working with you at Shizen was the greatest thing to ever happen to me...Meeting you....You gave me everything I thought I would always live without. A life with the man I love. A daughter to call our own. You bring true happiness into my heart. I will never go a day without loving you. Without you in my life, I would be nothing. Minoru Urihara, I give you this ring to symbolize my love, and the rest of our lives together in each others arms."
I feel tears form in my blue eyes as Yuki slides the wedding band onto my finger.
"I love you with all my heart." He whispers to me.
"Minoru Urihara, please present Fuyuki his ring."
I squeeze Yuki's hand as he gives me a small squeeze in return.
"Fuyuki. You caused my entire life to flip upside down after meeting you. I started to give up on finding that person to spend my life with. I always thought I would be alone. But then I met you. Some handsome, cocky reporter. You gave me the opportunity I prayed for, to live my dream as a reporter. I never imagined to fall madly in love with you. But here we are....Bonding ourselves together. You...you make me the happiest I have been in such a long time. I can't imagine living my life if you aren't a part of it. I love you from the bottom of my heart. Fuyuki Shido, I give you this ring to symbolize my love, and the rest of our lives together in each others arms."
My tears gently glide down my cheeks as I slip Yuki's wedding band on his finger.
"I now pronounce you Husband and Husband." I smile at Yuki as he squeezes my hands in his. "You may now share your first kiss..."
"Mino...." Yuki cups my face in his hands. "I love you..." He leans in and places his lips over mine in a gentle kiss filled with all his love and passion. 
The sound of our friends cheering around us fill the air.
"May I introduce you to Fuyuki, and Minoru Shido."
Yuki grins and pulls me into another kiss me once more. "I love you....I love you so much..." I whisper through my tears of happiness.
"I love you Mino....." We stand there holding each other as we smile. 
The warm spring breeze blows around us causing Fuyuki's long brown hair to blow in the wind. His green eyes shine with happiness as we kiss once more.
Holding onto each other we both lean our heads back as we gaze up the fully bloomed Cherry Blossom trees all around us.
My name is Minoru Shido.....and never once in my life did I imagine my life to end up here.  Who knew ones life would change so drastically....all from one promotion at work on a Monday morning.
The End
...

Ch.1
Misaki was stuck running through the rain, trying to be on time to school....again. He was a second year student in his high school. His older brother in twelfth grade. Though Takahiro was already at school, thanks to his rich best friend, who owned a red sports car. The senior had never offered Misaki a ride, which was really rude. The poor teen would defiantly have a cold by the end of the week. The school was thankfully in sight and Misaki could finally get out of the rain. "Really Misaki?" Shinobu asked, throwing a spare uniform at his friend. "Hey, not all of us have a car and personal driver." Misaki complained. It had been just him and his brother, living alone for the last two years.
After the accident, Misaki and Takahiro had to fend for themselves. It was ok though. Their apartment was nice, they both had jobs. Life was working out so far. The morning classes were a blur to Misaki....all but British Litt. "It was crazy. This guy literally had a trap door that he dropped people down to kill them. If they didn't die, he slit their necks with a razor! Then his lover who lived across the street, baked them into pies! Into pies!" Misaki shouted at lunch. "This is why you don't befriend people who read suspense novels. Shinobu sighed.
Shinobu's mind was on the fourth year student, Miyagi. Said student had dated Shinobu's older sister. Leaving the younger heart broken. Now that Miyagi's relationship was over with the b-tch of an older sister. He still, Never. Noticed. Shinobu. That bastard. "Wake up. Shinobu. You're staring." Misaki said flicking his friends forehead. "Ow! You know I'm tired of waiting. I'm asking that idiot out." Shinobu vowed. "Good luck with that." Misaki shrugged. It really wasn't his business. "You're coming to." Shinobu said leaving no room for objection. "I hate you. Why are we friends?" Misaki glared. "I bring light to your other wise dull life."
Defeated Misaki walked to where the group of twelfth graders sat. "Misaki!" Takahiro exclaimed hugging his little brother. Akihiko grimaced. He'd always been jealous of Takahiro's little brother. Misaki was constantly hugged by his brother. Not to mention they got to live together. It was no secret that Misaki and Akihiko didn't like each other. They pretended for Takahiro's benefit. The wana be writer always made it a habit to leave Misaki out of everything. He never offered him rides, or let him go anywhere with him and Takahiro. Why the hell didn't Misaki let him go? If Takahiro lived in the Usami manor they'd both be better off.
Most everyone at the table was a senior. There was Hiroki, Miyagi, Akihiko, Takahiro, and then there was a junior who hung around Hiroki. He was Nowaki. "Miyagi! I think we should go out." That whole table went silent. Even Takahiro, who was teasing Misaki. "Eh, umm Shinobu, I'm not interested in dating my ex-Girl friends younger brother." What're hell was this Shinobu kid talking about? Miyagi had went out with his older sister. Not to mention the age difference. "It's destiny, you idiot!" Shinobu shouted. Miskai sighed. This would not end well.
"Shinobu, lower your voice." Miyagi scolded, as if he was talking to a little kid. Well if Shinobu would act that way, he'd be treated that way. Shinobu wanted to say something, but kept quiet. He stormed off angry. Misaki sighed. "I should probably go check on him. Bye Nii-San." Misaki Shouted running off.
Shinobu had been hiding in a fort of books in the library. "You can't stay in there for ever." Misaki said organizing the books. "You underestimate me. Stop organizing my
Fort!"
"Your younger brother is odd as always." Akihiko complained. "My brother is adorable. Isn't it cute when he looks up at you with big green eyes?" Takahiro gushed. "He's not much shorter than you, Takahiro." Hiroki commented. On more than one occasion, Hiroki was asked if he was Misaki's older brother. They did look like they could be related. Though every time someone asked, it would send Takahiro into a spiraling depression. "I see why people think Misaki is your younger brother. You look a lot a like, only he smiles more. Hiro-San." Nowaki smiled. Hiroki threatened to hit him with a book. Takahiro on the other hand was teary eyed. He'd probably go into another rant, about not being a good older brother.
"Well I've got to go. I've got detention again, for skipping gym to sit on the roof and write." Akihiko sighed. "Why skip just to write?" Hiroki asked. "I wouldn't expect you to understand." The wana be author waved the question off. "Ah, Akihiko Misaki is stuck there to. Please look after him." Takahiro asked. "Of course." Akihiko fake smiled. Great now he had to baby sit.


Ch.2
Misaki figured he would be the only person in detention today. Most people would get it during lunch, because it was unsafe to be out at night. Apparently talking about how to plot a murder in class is against the rules. He was just explaining his new favorite murder suspense novel. Now he had detention for the rest of the week. Damn his love of suspense. It turns out he wouldn't be alone, though his company was less that desirable. Usami Akihiko was stuck there with him. The teacher was napping in another class, so they were alone.
"Misaki, when do you plan to give up Takahiro?" Akihiko asked out of the blue. "When ever he decides not to be my older brother." Misaki sighed. They had this conversation more than once. "He'd be better off living with me." The wana be author glared. "Maybe, but you'd just use him anyway." Those words pissed Akihiko off to no extent. He got up and leaned over Misaki. "Has he said I was using him?" The younger student was terrified, but hid it well. "Are you saying you wouldn't?" Cold lavender eyes met heated green ones.
"What gives you the right to say that? All you've done is leech off him." Akihiko glared. "He had to give his life for you." There was an angry growl in the writers voice. "You don't think I know that?! You may have a bad home life, but atleast you have one. I'd do anything for Nii-San, so he wouldn't have to work so hard! Like hell you'd even know how any of that is. You're just a spoiled rich kid grasping at a one sided love!" Miskai yelled storming out. He couldn't be in the room with that damn wana be author anymore.
The fact was though, he was stuck for the next week with him. Misaki blushed. He'd had just yelled at someone. He hardly ever did that. What would Miskai do if Akihiko told his brother. He didn't want to screw up Takahiro's and Akihiko's friendship. That was the reason he didn't sit with Takahiro at lunch, he was to afraid of getting in the way. It could ruin his brothers image. Misaki sighed. He had probably just ruined his whole high school experience.
Akihiko was in a more of less a state of shock. Misaki had yelled at him. The kid who was always happy and hardly ever raised his voice. Akihiko ad broke him. Even though he felt a bit guilty for being such a bastard to Miskai, he still felt proud for breaking someone so passive. Damn, if Miskai tells Takahiro it could ruin his 'friendship.' What would keep Misaki quiet? Money maybe? The author had no shortage of that. Though Misaki wasn't that petty. How would he get Misaki to shut up? He could bribe him with tutoring.
The author felt sick at having to spend time with Misaki, but this could get him points with Takahiro to. He would just have to bare through it. Now how to get Misaki to agree. To be fair the kid didn't really have the option to.


Ch.3
"Akihiko! Misaki didn't come home last night!" Takahiro shouted running into the school. Akihiko froze. Was he the reason Misaki didn't go home? He did piss the kid off, but it wouldn't mean it was his fault if the kid was dead in a ditch. If right on time Misaki walked into the school. In a clean uniform, as if he had gone home. "Misaki where were you?!" Takahiro shouted still panicking. "Nii-San, calm down. I called you ten times, not only that but I also sent you messages." Misaki said calmly. "Eh?" The older Takashi checked his phone. He sniffed. "I'm so sorry! I wasn't a good brother!" Takahiro sobbed.
"So where did you go?" Akihiko asked pretending their fight hadn't happened. "It started raining and this nice German family offered me a ride. I spent the night at their house, and had a great dinner. The mom even washed my uniform." Misaki smiled. He was so innocent and naive. "Misaki it may have been ok this time, but you could get killed that way." "Nii-San, do you think you of all people can lecture me on this?" Misaki asked raising an eyebrow. Akihiko almost felt worried at the fact his beloved Takahiro would also run off with any one.
The rest of the school day went by fast. Much to Misaki's dismay. He trudged his was to detention, not looking forward to seeing the wana be author. Said author was already in the room, working on a story. Neither payed notice to each other. Misaki was trying to finish his home work, of course he couldn't study for the life of him. He sighed giving up. "You're supposed to write it this way." Akihiko said taking the paper. "Eh I see!" Misaki exclaimed. The work seemed easier. "Not that one, you need to pull the square root." "Ah, ok. What about this one?" With that Misaki and Akihiko began a study section. "Thank you, Usami-Sempai!" Misaki smiled. The author found it kind of cute. The kid's kind personality was a nice change of pace, from what he was used to.
"Misaki, I'll give you a ride home." Akihiko said practically dragging Misaki to his car. "Eh, you don't have to do that. It's out of your way!" Misaki getting out of the way. "It's fine, not to mention if your not home soon, Takahiro will have a panic attack."
"Ah..ok. If it's not to much trouble." To be fair, Misaki wasn't looking forward to walking in the cold and dark anyway. "Thank you for the ride, Usagi-Sempai...eh gomen! Your last night sound really close." Misaki franticly apologized. "You can call me that if you want." Akihiko shrugged. He kind of liked the nick name. Misaki blushed looking at his feet. He felt stupid for mispronouncing the easy last name. Though the author didn't mind it. The car was filled with an awkward silence, until the car stopped at the second year student's house. "Thank you again. Usagi-San!" Misaki smiled as he left.
Misaki's heart was beating fast. What was it about Usagi-San being nice? Speaking of that why was the author nice? It had to be because of Takahiro. Yeah. It was Takahiro, the author didn't care for Misaki.


Ch.4
Akihiko POV
I had been tutoring Misaki since we've had detention together. Soon after we moved to the library. Misaki's grades have definitely improved. It's nice to see him get so excited, when he gets a perfect score. Takahiro has been more than appreciative about it. He's constantly hugging and thanking me. I wasn't complaining. Now I was running late, as I made my way to the library. I had been spending time with Takahiro. It was to Rare an occurrence, for us to spend time alone together. Misaki could just wait. When I made it to the library, I was panting. Why did I run here? What the hell is wrong with me?
I found Misaki waiting on one of the huge bean bags. He was curled in a ball sleeping. Huh, he looked cute sleeping there. "Misaki, Misaki? Wake up." I said kneeling next to him. "Emgm... Usagi-San?" Misaki yawned. I was temped to reach out and stroke his hair. He just looked so peaceful and relaxed, while asleep. "Uwa! I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to fall asleep! I worked a late shift last night." Misaki blushed. "It doesn't matter, I completely missed out study session, come on let's go home." I said helping him up. He fell into me, lacking energy. Misaki, have you been eating right?" I asked.
"Ah, um... No. Most times I end up passing out right after work." Misaki laughed hesitantly. I had remembered Takahiro saying something about Misaki working more hours then him. Misaki was worried about his brothers grades. "Come on, you're coming home with me and getting a good meal." I said trowing his arm over my shoulder. "Huh? You don't have to do that. I'll remember to get a good meal." Misaki yawned. "I don't believe you." I said helping him into the car. "Just sleep until we get there." Misaki did sleep... Pretty soundly. Honestly, I drove fast and honked the horn a few times.
Damn this kid really has been missing out on sleep. "Alright kid, let's go." I said helping him put of the car. He fell into me, and I had to wrap my arms around him to make sure he didn't hit the ground.? "Gomen..." Misaki muttered. "Don't worry, let's just get inside." We walked to the house and were greeted by Tanaka. "Ah, young Akihiko, you've brought a friend over." Tanaka smiled. "Yes, tell the servants to bring dinner up to my room. Something heavy." I said half dragging Misaki. "Usagi...San don't be rude." I rolled my eyes, and took him up the first few flights of stairs.
"Uwa! Usagi-San! Your house is huge! Are we even in Japan anymore?" Misaki asked looking around, my room. I ignored his sparkling eyes, for the book I was reading. Not long after, the servants brought up the food. Misaki happily are seeming to have regained his energy. "Thank you for letting me come over." Misaki smiled. "I can't have you dying on me." I shrugged. After dinner, I helped Misaki study some, and showed him a few novels I've written. I don't normal show people, but I couldn't say no to those big green eyes. "Your writing is amazing Usagi-San! Normally I don't read anything but suspense novels and manga, but your novels are great!"
I do enjoy hearing him tell me how great my books are. I'll admit I don't hate the kid. He's good company. He can be pretty interesting. "Why did you give this one such a sad ending?" Misaki asked breaking the silence. "I use my novels as a way to vent, so it happens." I shrugged. "Why? You can make it how ever you want." I laughed. "You wouldn't understand." Misaki looked hesitantly at the book. "Usagi-San... It may not seem like much, but you can always talk to me about anything..... If it would help." "You wouldn't want to hear about any of that." I was speaking from experience. When I had tried to talk to Takahiro, I was brushed a side.
"Of course I would. It isn't good for you to keep that all in your mind. It could hurt you!" Misaki said looking me in the eyes. He was really serious about this. "Hmm, I'm pretty sure you'll be scared off." I admitted. "No I wouldn't. It's better to get the feelings off your chest." I pet Misaki's chocolate brown hair, and smiled. "Then maybe one day." The blush on his cheeks brought out his big green eyes. He looked.... Cute. Which is surprising coming from me. "Misaki..." I cooed. "Huh? U-Usagi-San what are you doing?" Misaki asked as I pushed him to lay back on the bed. "Nothing." I lied.
I layed on top of him, and buried my face in the curve of his neck. Misaki was so warm, and he smelled sweet. "Usagi-San you so realize this bed is big enough for six people. With room to spare. Right?" Misaki said patting my back sarcastically. "Just stay like this . I'll call Takahiro in a bit and tell him you're staying over." I muttered.


Ch.5
"Usagi-San, between you and this giant bear thing, I'm going to smoother!" Misaki muttered, trying to shove the wana be author off of him. "Just... Go back to sleep..." Akihiko muttered. "We have school, baka Usagi-San!" Misaki shouted, giving the author a firm push off. The older student rubbed his head glaring at the younger. He looked like an undead demon. That was how Takashi Misakai found out, Akihiko was not a morning person in the least. Green eyes widened in surprise. "Misaki, do I look like I get up this early?" There was a growl in the author's voice. "Well you can go back to sleep. I have to run to the train station, take the train home, then run to school!"
"You're so loud, just shut up and I'll drive you." Akihiko said basically tackling Misaki back into the bed. "H-hey get off me!" Misaki struggled. "Hmm?" Akihiko hummed, pretending he didn't hear. He pulled apart Misaki's shirt and gently nipped down his chest. "Hey baka! Let go of me." The younger teen's pleas, were on deaf ears. "You want me to stop? Even you you're already like this?" The author asked slipping his hands down Misaki's sides. "A..hA... Your hands are freezing.." The teen stuttered. "Then warm them up for me." Akihiko commented, running his tongue over Misaki's collar bone. Was the younger student enjoying this? No! No way in hell.
"Damn it Usagi-San! Stop feeling me up!" Misaki shouted. "Why? We're both enjoying it?" Akihiko cooed. "No way in hell..." The student was cut off, when Usagi-San slipped his hand to the out side of Misaki's boxers. "Ah...stop it baka!" The writer was about to say something, but was cut off by Misaki's phone ringing. Using the author's confusion, Miskai slipped out from under his hold. "Ah, Nii-San..." "Misaki! Where the hell are you?!" Takahiro shouted. Akihiko wrapped his arms around Misaki's shoulders and leaned over to hear the conversation. "Usag...Usami-Sempai said he would send you a message." Misaki said tilting his head, to see the authors eyes.
"I sent three messages last night." Usagi shrugged. "Nii-San! Check your messages, before you start panicking!" "If you told me before hand! What are you even doing at Akihiko's house? And why did it sound like he was on the phone with you?" Miskai blushed and went silent. That's when Akihiko took the phone. "I was helping Misaki study, no need to worry Takahiro. I took good care of him." The author was a smooth liar, even though it really wasn't a lie. "Ah, thank you for taking care of my little brother!" Akihiko smiled. He loved it when his friend got excited. "We will meet you at school."
Misaki noticed how fast Akihiko got ready. It was because he talked to Takahiro. He almost felt jealous. The younger student knew Usagi was in love with his older brother. He had known it, ever since he had met the wana be author. It was one of the reasons they couldn't get along.... That and the fact Akihiko tried to leave him out of everything, he and Takahiro did. Even now, since Misaki and the writer had gotten close... Yet Misaki was still left out. Misaki was broken from his thoughts when a school uniform was thrown at him. "It's from my second year. Hurry and get ready. I have to meet Takahiro." Meaning the younger student would be left out again.
The drive to school was silent. Akihiko was briefly worried Misaki would tell Takahiro about how they slept next.... On each other, last night. "Misaki, you probably shouldn't call me Usagi-San around Takahiro. He may get the wrong idea." Akihiko wanted to make sure if Takahiro ever came around, there would be no problems. "Mmm, ok Usag... Usami-Sempai." Misaki fake smiled. Why was he up set? Had Misaki really gotten attached to the author? No, that's ridiculous. Even if he did, Akihiko had plenty of friends. He didn't need a plain second year hanging around him. It could ruin the writer's image.
"Thanks for the ride, Usami-Sempai." Miskai smiled as he ran off. Akihiko hadn't meant for the kid to stop calling him Usagi all together. Just around Takahiro. The author liked the nickname. It was the first one ever given to him. He had known Takahiro awhile, how come he had never gotten one from him. The wana be author looked around for his friend, near their meeting spot. He did indeed find his friend. Heatedly making out with the girl he always talked about. Usagi could only state for a moment. The person he
Practically devoted his life to had betrayed him, unknowingly. It hurt like hell, the authors fantasy was falling apart. He turned away ready to drive off, but was caught by a teacher. "Whoa there kid, you don't want to miss school." The author heard as he was ushered inside. Akihiko groaned, this was the last place he wanted to be. Through his sulking, he noticed Misaki. Laughing and talking, with that kid who confessed to Miyagi a while ago. Usagi was tempted to pull Misaki away and take him somewhere secluded. The kid had promised to hear all about his problems. It was a stupid thought... But the author planned to use that offer.


Ch.6
Misaki sat at his normal lunch table with Shinobu. Shinobu liked it because he could see Miyagi perfectly. The blonde still hadn't gotten over the rejection. Nor did he believe it. He constantly blabbed on about destiny. Frankly Misaki was getting annoyed. "And this is why you don't be friend a stalker." Misaki mocked. Shinobu glared at him. Speaking of stalkers, Sumi-Sempai had randomly walked over. "Ah Misaki, I heard you got a ride from Usami-Sempai." Why was a third year student slumming it with a couple of second years? "Yeah why?" Misaki asked confused.
"What's he like?" How would Sumi-Sempai not know? He pretty much stalked Usami-Sempai. Constantly following him and trying to get his attention. "I don't know. Like he seems, I guess." Misaki shrugged. That was a lie. Akihiko was really interesting and pretty nice, if you got to know him. "Hmm, that doesn't sound fun. What about this nick name I keep hearing about?" What was Sumi getting at? "It was just a mispronunciation." Misaki shrugged again. Sumi took the time to wrap his arms around Miskai. "Hey, what the hell are you doing?" Miskai asked a bit shocked. "Hugging you, you're really huggable you know."
It was safe to say Misaki was weirded out. "Misaki." Akihiko said walking to the table. "What is it, Usami-Sempai?" Akihiko winced at hearing his formal name from Misaki. "I need your help with a project." Usagi muttered, pulling the younger student out of the arms of the stalker. "Eh? My help? Are you sure you don't want to ask someone who doesn't struggle with his studies?" Misaki asked confused. "Just come on." The author couldn't understand why, but he was completely pissed when that annoyance had his hands all over Misaki. Only Usagi could touch him. Who cares if it makes sense or not.
Akihiko practically dragged Misaki into an empty class room. "Why would you have a project in here?" The gullible student asked. Maybe it was to make him feel better, but Akihiko wanted to make the younger Takashi pay for what his older brother did. He could make Misaki call his name and care for him , but not feel anything in return. "Sempai, you look upset. What's wrong?" Misaki looked up at Akihiko with such innocent eyes. "Nothing." "Don't lie to me, Usami-Sempai." Green eyes glared at him. The wana be author smiled slightly. "Usagi." "Huh?" Misaki asked. "Call me Usagi-San." The writer said taking the younger students face in his hands.
"You said that you..." "Forget what I said. I hate my last name, so call me Usagi-San." Before Misaki could get another word in, Akihiko kissed him. His lips were so hot against Misaki's. The author gently licked the second year student's lips, begging for an entrance. Hesitantly Misaki gave it to him. He wasn't stupid. He knew Akihiko was using him to get back at his older brother... Though he was swept away by Akihiko's cold hands and heated movements. "Mfmm, Usagi-San... S-stop.." Misaki muttered trying to catch his breath. It hurt just to be toyed with, but Misaki knew the author was destroyed after finding out about Takahiro. Even if he wasn't told yet by either of them, Misaki was good at reading people. Usagi took the chance to wrap Misaki in a tight hug. The younger student was so warm.
"Something happened with my brother, right?" Misaki asked. Akihiko Knew this kid could always see through him, he didn't answer though. Just tightened his grip. "He really is oblivious... I'm sorry that Nii-San hurt you." He was apologizing on his brothers behalf. Why did Misaki always have to seem like a saint? It bugged Usagi-San. "I feel like an idiot."he admitted. "Don't. Everyone has a few unrequited loves. Even I have one." Those words were supposed to make the author feel better... But Misaki loved someone else to. Not a chance in hell. Akihiko would make Misaki love him. He didn't care how.
"Misaki, come home with me again." The author said not really leaving a choice. "I can't, I have work tomorrow and home work." Usagi-San silenced him with another kiss. With that they drove back to the Usami Manor. "I swear, your house has just gotten bigger." Misaki stared in awe. Akihiko chuckled, leading the star struck student inside. They had to sneak through the back, so Tanaka wouldn't catch them. Butler or not, they would get scolded, and sent back. Quietly they made it to Akihiko's room and locked the door. "See, you were worried for nothing." Akihiko laughed. "Of course it's nothing to you. You have the money to stay in school." Misaki shot back.
"Don't worry. If you're ever expelled, I'll take care of it." Usagi said, tackling Misaki. "You're giving me a ride home tomorrow." Misaki commented. "Of course, now stop struggling and let me hold you. I'm freezing." The younger teen was stuck between the over sized bear, and the clingy author. Though it was kind of nice. Misaki fell right to sleep. Usagi found himself smiling. The younger's sleeping face was so cute. Almost like a sleeping kitten. Unlike Takahiro who wasn't cute at all in his sleep. The author shoved the thought away. He was in love with Takahiro, not Misaki.


Ch.7
Misaki POV
I woke up to Usagi-San partly on top of me. He does realize how big this bed is, right? I gently shook him so he'd wake up. The wana be author hardly budged. "Mfm, Ta...kahiro.." Usagi muttered. Right he's just using me to cope with losing my older brother. I should leave. I did my part. I shouldn't have to be used this way. I don't want to see him anymore. I managed to slip from his arms and get out of the bed. "Misaki, it's cold. Move closer to me." The mostly asleep author mumbled, reaching for me. Why so you can pretend I'm Takahiro? I pushed the over sized bear into his arms and got ready to leave the room.
This place is huge! How the hell am I going to get out of here!? I looked around panicked. I wanted to get out before, I had to see Usami-Sempai again. "Who are you ?" An unfamiliar voice asked. I turned to find a man who was probably in his second year of college. "Eh? Um I'm a friend of Usag...Akihiko-Sempai. He looked tired, so I thought I'd let him sleep." I lied hoping I wouldn't be caught. "Ah, another one night stand?" The man asked glaring at me with gray eyes. "What!? No! He was helping me study!" I shouted, then blushed. "Sorry for raising my voice." I muttered.
This person almost seemed shocked that I yelled at him. Well if he showed any emotion. " Do you know how to get out of here?" The dark haired man asked. " No" I admitted. "Then come" he said motioning me to follow. "thank you!" I smiled when we were outside. "You seem in a hurry. is something wrong?" "Eh, no I just need to hurry and get to work." I partly lied. "Do you want a ride home?" "No. No. I couldn't take advantage of you that way." I smiled. "I don't want to be in this place anyway." The odd person said not giving me a choice. "I'm Usami Haruhiko." "My name is Takashi Misaki." I smiled. "Takashi... Like Takashi Takahiro?"
"Ah yes. He's my older brother." I noted as we got into the sleek black car. "Speaking of which, are you Akihiko-Sempai's brother?" I asked. "Half." Was all he said. I wonder if Nii-San knows this strange guy. "Ah, this is my apartment. Thank you for the ride." I smiled. "Hmm. I look forward to seeing you again." Haruhiko nodded. "Don't take anything Akihiko says to heart. He lives in a fantasy world anyway." I waved as he left. I don't think they get along in the least. I ran into my apartment to get ready for work. Damn I have a long shift today.
Akihiko/Usagi-San POV
I stretched out my arms, feeling the bed for Misaki. He wasn't there. "Misaki?" I called out sitting up in bed. Did he leave. It's way to long a walk, from here to his apartment. I looked for a note or something, but there was no sign he was even here. Could he have gone down stairs for breakfast, or something? No that didn't sound like him. Haruhiko was just getting back from somewhere. As long as he didn't have my Misaki, I didn't care. "Have you seen s kid around here, with big green eyes?" I reluctantly asked. "I don't see what business it is of yours, but I gave him a ride home."
"Why the hell didn't he ask me?" I glared. "Have you ever gotten yourself out of bed before one, on a weekend." My bastard of an older brother asked. "Forget it." I growled walking down stairs. I wasn't sure why I was so pissed, but there was no way that bastard was getting close to Misaki again. I grabbed my shoes, figuring I'd stop by Misaki's apartment. To show him how annoyed I am, that he left with out saying anything. I would have given him a ride home and to work. Of course, no one was home, at Misaki's apartment. I can be an idiot sometimes.


Ch.8
The weekend went to fast for Takashi Misaki. Now he was stuck going to the school he hated. "Hurry up, you'll be late." Shinobu said, flicking his friend's forehead. "Yeah, yeah." Misaki muttered. "It's a good thing you have a friend such as me." Shinobu flicked Misaki again. "Quit it!" They were both having an almost brotherly fight. "Alright. Break it up you two." Sumi smiled stepping in the middle of the fight. "Act like adults here." He said keeping the two younger students apart. "We're only second years. We're allowed to act childish." Shinobu shrugged. "Hmm, get to class, let's go." Sumi said ushering them off.
Akihiko was pissed. He occasionally met Misaki in the library, and was hoping the kid would show up. To no avail. It turns out the green eyed student was with his friends. The author was instantly jealous. One of them could be the person Misaki is in love with. What if they did love Misaki and the younger student was taken away from him? Usagi shoved the thought away. That wouldn't happen. He'd make sure of it. Those big green eyes would only show love to Akihiko. When lunch came around, the author was ready to drag Misaki from the arms of his older friend. To the empty class room he'd grown to like.
"Misaki." Akihiko said, sending a glare towards Sumi. "Huh? What is it Usami-Sempai?" Why wasn't he using Usagi-San? It annoyed Akihiko to no extent. "We need to brush up on your English." The author lied. It was true in a way, but the author was planning to do much more. "Eh? Don't worry about it Usami-Sempai. I don't really need anymore help. I'm doing much better with my classes now." Misaki fake smiled. He knew Akihiko was using him. No more sleeping over or studying. The student didn't want to be used anymore. Akihiko would have more than protested if the bell hadn't rung. That and if Misaki hadn't of ran off.
"Hmm, Usami-Sempai. Misaki seems to hate you now. What have you done to upset someone so nice?" Sumi asked, more than pissing the author off. "It has nothing to do with you." Akihiko noted. "He doesn't call you Usagi-San anymore." God how the author wanted to punch him. It was bad enough Sumi stalked him. Now he was after Misaki. "Just keep your hands off of him." Akihiko growled walking off. Why was Miskai avoiding him? Akihiko hated it. The green eyed student was supposed to stay by his side. The author decided he'd give Misaki a ride home to drill him with questions.
It took way to long for school to end. Misaki wanted to get home. Sadly he had a long shift a head of him. Not only that, but the fact Usagi was still trying to use him, was driving him mad. Speaking of the writer. He was waiting by his car. Briefly Misaki thought Akihiko was waiting for him. Then it dawned in his mind, that the writer was probably waiting on Takahiro. Misaki was only a replacement. Akihiko wouldn't wait for him. Misaki started to leave, but was pulled back. "Misaki. Why are you avoiding me?" Usagi demanded, leaving no room for escape. "Eh? I'm not." He lied. "Then come home with me." It wasn't Realy a request, more like an order. "I can't I have a long shift." Not a lie really. "Then I'll drive you." Akihiko was stuck. He needed to talk to Misaki, he wanted to get him alone.
The fear someone had stolen Misaki was eating him apart. "Just stop! I'm tired of you using me, to replace Nii-San!" Misaki shouted. He didn't want to be compared any longer. It hurt to much. He could never look like anything, when he was compared to his brother. "Misaki..." Akihiko said reaching out. "I don't want to hear it! I'm leaving! Find someone else!" The younger student shouted walking off.
Akihiko had been the only one who had ever pissed Misaki off, to that extent. So much the kid would start yelling. Why was that? It's not like the author wanted to hurt Misaki.... Maybe he did at first. To get back at Takahiro. Usagi sighed rubbing his temples. Misaki didn't deserve to be treated this way. Akihiko sighed getting into his car. He should probably leave Misaki alone, especially since the younger hated his guts at the moment. Though the author couldn't lie. He'd miss everything to much. It wasn't even a replacement type relationship anymore. Akihiko had grown accustom to Misaki in general. His laugh, his constant encouragement. The fact the kids Adorableness couldn't be beat. Misaki was a good person, and Akihiko was screwing with him.
Misaki sighed walking into work. He worked at a small cafe, as a chef. The kid liked cooking, so he didn't mind. He quickly got ready for his shift, then started baking strawberry tarts. It wasn't hard to do so. Misaki had yelled at Akihiko again. The author deserved it. Misaki was tired of being treated as his brother's double. Everyone saw him that way. While Misaki looked up to his brother so much... He still wanted to be himself.


Ch.9
Misaki's shift ended late, and he was exhausted. He couldn't wait to go home and crawl into his bed. That wouldn't happen tonight. "Misaki?" The younger student turned to see Haruhiko. Misaki was not in the mood for anyone in the Usami family. "Ah, hello Haruhiko-San." The younger fake smiled. "You work here?" Straight forward to always. "Yeah, I'm a chef here." The man thought about it for a moment. "Would you like a ride home?" "Thank you for the offer, but I don't want to trouble you." Misaki smiled. "It's no trouble. Like I said before, I use any excuse to get away from home."
The older man led the sweet innocent looking Misaki, back to his car. Akihiko was also there walking back to his car. He had ended up chain smoking his pack of cigarets, and needed to buy more. Why had he picked up that stupid habit again? Probably to piss off his family. "Misaki?" The author questioned, noticing the younger teens favorite hoodie. It took him a moment to realize his Misaki was with Haruhiko. "What the hell are you doing with him?" Akihiko demanded from his half brother. "I don't see what business that is of yours." With out even thinking, Akihiko yanked Misaki away from Haruhiko. "Usami-Sempai..." "You're getting a ride with. You shouldn't ask for anything from that." The author nodded to his brother. He was feeling all to possessive at the moment. Akihiko finally realized it. He loved Misaki. That's why he could only think about the younger.
"Usag...Usami-Sempai, you bastard! Let go of me!" Usagi didn't listen. He shoved the struggling teen into his car. The writer sent one more glare at his brother before driving off, with an irritated Misaki. "What the hell was that!? You can't go around kidnapping people, you could go to jail!" Misaki shouted. Akihiko didn't care, he just wanted to get Misaki alone somewhere. He finally stopped in one of the under ground parking lots. It was the one to the expensive hotel, his father dragged him to for parties. "Isn't this how people end up dead?" Misaki muttered under his breath. Akihiko ignored it. He was still pissed off about being near his brother.
"Misaki, what the hell were you doing with that person?" Akihiko glared. "He offered me a ride home." "And you just took a ride from a total stranger?!" The author composed self was broken. He needed Misaki to love him. To show him what it really felt like, to not be alone. The hell with the person Misaki loved. "Well apparently the person I said no to kidnapped me!" "Only because you wouldn't stay in one place long enough for me to talk to you!" Akihiko fumed. "Why would I?! You did nothing but use me to replace my brother!" "I'm not doing that. Baka!" Misaki didn't believe any of it. Akihiko would only love Takahiro. The teen was always compared to his 'perfect' older brother. Why could no one see him for who he was?
"There's no other reason for you to do any of this!" If the doors weren't locked, Miskai would have stormed off. "Of course there is! I love you!" Usagi shouted Misaki stared in shock. "It started off with me planning to use you... But after spending so much time together, I realized I loved you. Even if you love someone else. I don't care" Akihiko loved Miskai. The younger teen replayed the thought mutable times. It couldn't be true. His thoughts were cut off by an abrupt heated kiss from the author. "Mfm... Usagi-San..." Misaki blushed. Damn he used the nick name again.
Akihiko on the other hand was ecstatic to hear the nickname again. It made him feel warm. Quickly the author lowered Misaki's seat, to lay all the back. The he moved on top of him. Misaki was so warm and soft. It drove the author mad. He traced his lips down Misaki's neck, pulling at the strings of his hoodie, to revile more skin. "Ah.. Usagi-San. I don't want to do this... Here. Let's go home." Misaki gasped trying to catch his breath. The author couldn't wait that long. "No, let's go to the hotel." Akihiko quickly pulled Misaki from the car and to the entrance. "Eh, Usami-Sempai, this place is one of the most expensive hotels around!"
"Then it's a good thing I'm a spoiled rich kid." Usagi winked. The two had gotten a nice room with a large bed. It was the first time Misaki had ever seen a room this nice. He stared in awe, with stary eyes. If the author hadn't of needed the kid so much at that moment, he would have loved to watch his cuteness. "Misaki..." The author said shoving the younger student on the bed. "Hey...Usagi.." Softly this time, the writer kissed Misaki. The younger's cheeks flushed, as he caught his breath slightly. Akihiko used the chance to deepen the kiss. He wanted Misaki right then and there, but he wanted Misaki to enjoy this as much as he did.
The younger of the two hardly moved as his shirt was removed, then his pants. Leaving him shivering form the cold, only wearing his black boxers. The sight was killing Akihiko. Why the hell did Misaki have to look so cute, yet so erotic at the same time?! Gently he kissed down Misaki's chest, slightly bitting him occasionally. Akihiko loved want he was doing to Misaki. Making the kid jump and shiver. Misaki's boxers were tossed aside, leaving him vulnerable. "What do you want me to do?" The author cooed. "S-shut up!" Even in this position, Misaki was still feisty and Akihiko loved it.
"That's ok. I have my own ways of making you cry my name." Usagi smirked. He spread Misaki's legs apart, and stroked his lowers. "Ah...ha." Misaki moaned. Akihiko moved his hands slow, because he knew it would drive the student crazy. "Mfm.." "Do you want me to go faster, Misaki?" Usagi smiled. "....." The author knew exactly what the muffled sounds meant. 'Drive me crazy.' And he complied. "Mm-uha. Usagi-San... I'm going to....." Miskai moaned. After his climax he was lightly shaking, as he came down from his bliss. Akihiko unbuttoned his shirt and tossed it a side. "Usagi-San." Miskai stuttered. "Hmm." Akihiko hummed.
"I'm... Will.." Miskai couldn't finish what he was going to say. "Don't worry, I'll be easy." Akihiko smiled. Using his fingers, he prepared Miskai. The younger student jumped at the new feeling. "Mmm, Usagi-San..." "Miskai this will hurt a bit." Akihiko noted, as he slowly pressed himself into Miskai. "Ah... Nm..." The younger's body jerked. It hurt. He was panting, with tears at the base of his eyes. The writer did his best to stay still, but the tightness and heat was getting to him. Carefully he moved. "Ah, Usagi..San" Misaki moaned. "Just breath slowly." "Ha. Uhm..." Miskai wrapped his arms around Akihiko. "It's ok, just relax."

I hope this longish chapter makes up for my absence.


Ch.10
"It's to hot... I can't breathe." Misaki struggled a bit until he opened his eyes. That was when he noticed he was pinned under the sleeping author.... Again. What made it worse was the fact neither of them had any clothes on. Misaki turned a bright red. "Usagi-San, we've talked about the fact you smoother me ever time you do this." The younger student struggled. "Mmm... Misaki, you know what will happen if you don't let me sleep." Akihiko mumbled. "Baka Usagi-San." Misaki sighed. A cell phone started ringing, ruining the peacefully mood. It was Misaki's. Before he could answer it, the phone was taken by Akihiko. "Hello, Misaki's phone." The author said trying to get rid of his sleep filled voice.
"Eh? Akihiko, where is my brother?" The older Takashi questioned. "He's still sleeping. I picked him up after work last night. We went out for dinner and he slept over." The writer smoothly lied. "You two are becoming really close. I kind of feel replaced." Takahiro laughed hesitantly. "Don't worry you two could never replace each other." Akihiko noted, getting a glare from his lover. "We probably won't be at school today. Miskai is feeling a bit under the weather, so I'm going to take care of him." They wouldn't make it to school on time anyway. "Ah, you always take such good care of Misaki. Thank you!" Takahiro exclaimed. "Of course." Usagi smiled.
After the phone call, the writer got another death glare from his all to cute lover. "I keep missing school because of you." Misaki said annoyed. "Isn't that a good thing? I hate being in that hell hole. Plus you need the rest. You've been working to hard. When was your last day off?" Akihiko ruffled Misaki's soft hair. "I can't afford days off. Not everyone can do what they want. Living on your own is hard." Misaki shrugged. "You split the hours up with Takahiro though." "I have to work more, because Nii-San needs to focus on his studies. I don't want him to fail because of me." Misaki commented. "Then you should quit your job, Takahiro to. I'll take care of the expenses." The author has more that once offered this idea to Takahiro, who also never took it.
"Usagi-San, we can't take money from you." Misaki sighed. "Why not? We could spend more time together and you wouldn't end up on the verge of death." The kid could be taken care of with no problem. "You wouldn't understand Usagi-Sempai." No he probably wouldn't. Damn confusing commoners. "Fine, but if it ever starts to hurt you more than it is now. You're quitting and I'm taking care of you." Akihiko said not leaving room for objection. "What ever you say Sempai." Even if it did get to much for Misaki, he was a master at hiding it. The author would never know. "Are you going to stay in bed forever?" "I'm to sore to move thanks to someone, abusing other people's bodies."
Akihiko smirked. "Then let's take a shower together." Before Misaki could protest, he was picked up wedding style and taken to the expensive bath room. "Uwa! This is so cool!" Misaki exclaimed. Usagi enjoyed seeing his lover all stary eyed. He'd by the kid everything he wanted. If only Misaki let him. Why did he never take advantage of anyone? Misaki was pulled into the shower with his older lover. He ended up having to lean on Usagi, because it was hard for him to stand. "I hate you Usagi-San." Misaki mumbled. "You weren't saying that last night." The younger turned a bright red and looked anywhere but the author.
"So, Misaki. Where is my confession?" The writer asked as he dried his cute lover off. "I don't know what you're talking about." The student lied. "Hmm. Mi-Sa-Ki. You know you want to tell me. 'I love you , I never want to leave your side, I want you to..." The Wana be author was cut off. "Shut up you perverted rabbit!" Misaki blushed. Akihiko was happy but also disappointed. He needed to make Miskai love him. That way he's never have to worry about losing him. Being that Misaki was in a one sided love. That person could always change their feelings. The author shook the thought away and hugged his lover from behind.
"I love you." Akihiko mumbled against Misaki's neck. The younger's face heated up. "Don't say such embarrassing things!" Saying I love you came up in Misaki's mind more than once, but he always shoved it away. There was always that chance, he was being used. If that was the case, then Miskai wanted to make it seem that he wasn't in love. Whenever the older student got bored with him. Whether he was being used or not, it wasn't fair for Misaki to be in love. If he's only just get hurt. So the younger student just kept quiet.
"Are you sure you want to leave now, Miskai? We can enjoy the rest of the day here." The writer sulked. "Since I'm not going to school today, I decided to pick up a longer shift. That way I can have money saved up." Misaki said as they got in the car. "If you need money just ask me. You shouldn't work so hard." Akihiko could show Miskai how much he loved him, by buying him everything he wanted. Who would leave someone who bought them everything? "It's fine. I enjoy working there." Misaki smiled. What if the person Misaki loved worked in the same place? That could be the reason Miskai liked it there so much.


Ch.11
For two days Akihiko had hardly seen Misaki. They had diffrent classes and schedules, not to mention Misaki had a job. What was even worse, was the fact the kid was missing in action during lunch. He was yesterday to. Why the hell were the two not eating together like normal lovers... Well almost normal. They had to keep their relationship a secret for the time being. "Takahiro, where is Misaki?" The author asked, getting annoyed. They had never made plans to eat together, but it should have been a given. "Don't know, he tends to disappear at lunch a few times a week." The older Takashi shrugged.
Usagi-San sighed. He was getting frustrated, not being able to see his cute Misaki. "Then I guess I'm going to get the work, I missed for Russian lit." The author said waving good bye to his friend.
Misaki was sitting with a 12th grade teacher. The man was only twenty-six, and did rather well as a teacher. His full name was Vladimir Afanasy. The man was Russian so he addressed his first name then his last name. Misaki always found it strange. But he and the teacher shared many interests. So Misaki at lunch with him every once in a while.
"Afanasy-Sensei, thank you so much, for letting me borrow the first edition Sherlock Holmes book. It was really interesting." Misaki exclaimed starry eyed. Vladimir enjoyed the kids company. Not many people had his love for suspense novels, or secret love of manga. "Oh course, Misaki. I'm glad someone else enjoyed it to. I have so many murder books lying around, it's not funny." Vladimir chuckled. "Eh? You're so lucky!" Misaki was a cute type of jealous. "You can come by anytime you want, to borrow some." "But I don't want to be any trouble, sensei." The trouble part Vlad could never understand. Misaki was always helpful.
Hell he couldn't even count how many times Miskai cleaned the class room, even though he didn't have the class. "You worry to much. I'd enjoy having you over." Vlad said ruffling the students hair. It was that exact moment, Akihiko walked in. A older rather attractive foreign teacher was touching his Miskai. Not only that but the younger student looked up so admiring towards the teacher. "Ah, Usami, is there something you need?" Vlad smiled. "I was just retrieving Miskai." The author glared. "Eh? Retrieving me?" Misaki asked, confused. "I need your help." Akihiko said nearly dragging Miskai out. "Bye Miskai. Thanks for the lunch. Vlad waved.
Misaki was in first name terms with that person!? Afanasy-Sensei had to be the one Misaki loved. There was no doubt about it. Akihiko was panicking, in his mind. Now he knew who the younger student loved, but didn't know what to do about it. "Usagi-San! Where the hell are we going!? Why were you so rude to Sensei!?" Misaki shouted, confused. First he was having lunch with a teacher he looked up to, then he was dragged off by an angry Usagi-San. "You know exactly why I was rude!" Akihiko scolded, dragging Misaki into their favorite abandoned class room. "No I don't, so please enlighten me." Misaki said sarcastically.
Akihiko possessively kissed his Misaki. Keeping him in a tight hold. The author had to show Misaki how much he loved him, and find a way to keep the younger student with him. Usagi thought it'd be better if he knew who Misaki loved. In fact it just made it worse, it made the older student worry more. "U-Usagi-San! Stop!" The younger shouted, shoving his lover away. "Misaki, why haven't you told me you love me?" Akihiko asked abruptly. "W-what?" The Wana be author needed to lock down Misaki's feelings to him. Someway, anyway. "Usagi-San what's wrong?" Misaki asked. Akihiko couldn't tell him why. It would make the kid want to leave.
Ignoring Misaki's protests, he kept him close. Every possessive though in the author's mind, was yelling at him. Yelling at him, to make Misaki love him and only him. Akihiko picked up his lover and moved him to sit down on the desk. "Usagi-San..." The author kissed and bit Misaki's neck, causing his body to heat up. "Should I ask you body how much you love me?" In a way Akihiko was trying to make him self feel better. He'd already lost one love. This is the way he'd make Misaki love him. "Y-you bastard." Misaki muttered. He didn't say no. "What if someone walks in?" The younger asked as his pants were pulled down. "I locked the door." Akihiko smiled. He let his hands slowly drift down and take hold of Misaki. "Mfm.... Usagi-San.." The younger moaned.
"I'm going to make you mine again." Akihiko cooed. "Mm... Usagi-Senpai.. I'm.." Miskai buried his face in Usagi's shoulder.
Slowly Akihiko pushed himself into Misaki. Damn it felt good. Misaki was so tight.... "Ahh, Usagi-San it hurts." The younger student breathed. "It's ok, just breath slowly." With that, Akihiko gently moved back and forth. Causing Misaki to gasp and cling to him tightly.


Ch.12
"Usagi-San, don't cling to me. I have to go home!" Misaki shouted. "Come home with me." Usagi said plainly. "I can't, honestly when is the last time I slept in my own bed?" Misaki complained. "I see no problem with that." Akihiko mumbled. "You're clingy." Misaki sighed. "There is no problem with that either." Misaki rubbed his head. "I know you're lonely, since Takahiro hasn't been around." Bulls eye. "The younger student looked away. His older brother had been staying with his girl friend most of the time. At her house. Akihiko smiled. "So you have me to keep you company." The older student smiled, bitting Misaki's ear. "Oi! No PDA!" A teacher shouted.
The Wana be author laughed. They had been far passed PDA during lunch. Misaki looked like a cute strawberry, which made Akihiko want to bite him more. "Then how about we go to my house. I can cook dinner for the both of us." Misaki asked. The writer wasn't going to pass up the chance to eat Misaki's cooking. Not only that, but he had never really seen the Takashi house hold. Takahiro always preferred to stay at the Usami manor. "Hmm. That sounds like an offer I can't pass up..., and it does sound fun to make love in Misaki's room." Akihiko hummed, nuzzling his lover's neck.
"Baka Usagi-San. Don't say such embarrassing things!" Misaki muttered. The older student chuckled. "Let's hurry. I want to eat Misaki's cooking... And then devour Misaki for desert." Akihiko's lover escaped his hold and ran to the expensive car. The Wana be author smiled and followed "Ah, Misaki. Are you going to get your license?" He asked in the way home. "I don't have a car, so probably not." "You can use mine. I'll teach you." Akihiko noted. "You don't have to do that. I don't want to cause you any trouble. Or mess up your car." Misaki put up his hands, to wave away the idea. "It's important you know." The author said leaving no room for objection.
The wana be author looked around the small apartment. The whole apartment was probably no bigger than his room... Which was big but still. Everything was neat and organized, having a sense of home to it. Misaki had went to the kitchen to start dinner. Giving Akihiko the chance to hold him from behind. "Hey it's dangerous to stay so close to the stove." Misaki scolded, not that it helped. Sighing in defeat, Misaki went back to his cooking. "What do you want for dinner? Usagi-San." The student asked. "Curry and rice?" "Eh? A bit boring. Isn't it?" The younger didn't understand. Akihiko ate really expensive food, every night. "I like the idea of a normal home life." The author shrugged. Misaki understood. He knew his lover never got the chance to enjoy his childhood. "Aye!"
Akihiko could admit with one hundred percent truthfulness, that Misaki was an amazing cook. The food was just average, but tasted amazing. It put the servant's food to shame. "This is really good, Misaki. I should eat every meal here." The writer complimented. "Ah, thank you, Usagi-Sempai. I'm glad you like it!" That one compliment made Misaki so happy. Akihiko loved that smile. After dinner, Usagi tried to help clean, but failed miserably. "That's enough, Usagi-San! You're banned from the kitchen." Misaki shouted shoving his lover from the room. The author sighed in defeat. He really didn't know him to work.
Akihiko had been messing around, when he came across a rather expensive bottle of wine. "How did you and Takahiro buy this, you're both minors?" "Ah, it was from a family member. They send us one every month." Misaki shrugged comming from the kitchen. "Isn't that illegal?" Akihiko asked. "Probably." The author grabbed two glasses for them. He was wondering what a drunk Misaki would be like. "Usagi-Sensei. You better not be trying to get me drunk, so you can do weird things to me." The younger glared. "Why do you classify sex as weird?" Usagi asked filling the glasses. "Because it is." "Then we'll just have to do it even more. That way you'll get used to it." The author had a sly smirk.
"Pervert." Misaki mumbled, taking a drink of his wine. "Ah, this is a really nice bottle." The younger smiled. "Here have more." Usagi smiled. It didn't take long for Misaki to be drunk. He looked absolutely adorable. His eyes looked sleepy and cheeks were flushed. "Hic... Usagi... Hic... San." Misaki stumbled over his words. "Hmm?" Akihiko smirked, pulling his cute uke into his arms. "It's really...hic.. Hot..." "Then let's fix that." The older student said taking Misaki into his room. While he was calm on the out side, he was shouting yes in his head. Poor Misaki wouldn't be able to walk tomorrow. Whether the younger realized it or not. "Let's shower together."
Akihiko, slowly undressed the swearing Misaki, and then himself. By the looks of it, the younger certainly wanted the older. "Is there anything you want me to do, my little Misaki?"? Usagi cooed, licking the water off the younger's neck. "I don't want to say it... Hic..." Misaki mumbled. "Hmm.. Then I'll just do what I want." The author smirked, laying Misaki against the wall. Then gently kissed down his chest. Akihiko pulled Misaki's legs apart and let his hand drift down. "Mfm... Usagi-Sam. Ah.." The author's cold hands were driving Misaki crazy. Even if the student would never admit it. "Usagi-San...enough I'm going to..." Misaki fell into his lover's embrace.
"You're simply to cute for your own good." The author chuckled, gently slipping his fingers into Misaki. The younger student clutched his love's shoulders, almost painfully. "Hmm. Very kinky. Misaki." The author smiled, bitting his love's ear. Once Akihiko felt Misaki was properly prepared, he removed his fingers earning a cute whimper from the younger. Usagi smiled. Picking up his little lover and pressing him against the shower wall. "Usagi-San. The wall is freezing." Misaki muttered. "Don't worry, it will warm up soon." Easily Alihiko pushed him self into Misaki. "Ah...ngm." The younger moaned. "It still... Hurts..." The student lightly breathed. "You're still tight as well... Don't worry you'll get used to it." With that Akihiko moved back and forth.
"Ah..ha...Usagi-San! Ngm." Misaki moaned. The author gently kissed his cute student. "It's ok. My Miskai." Whether it hurt or felt good, Misaki rally didn't know. "Mfm... Misaki." The writer moaned, reaching his climax. For a while they stood im under the now cold water. In each other's warm arms. "Come on Misaki. Let's get dressed." The younger student nodded in agreement. Akihiko helped dry and dress his lover before they got in bed to sleep.
AN:/ So I was thinking of another type of Junjou romantica story. You know a reverse one where Miskai is the seme and Akihiko the uke. (I image a 28 year old Miskai would look like Hiroki.) so tell me what you think. I really want to write it. Since Akihiko looked so much like an uke when he was 18. (High pitched squealing) Thank you for reading my fanfics!


Ch.13
Takahiro yawned as he came in the house. He had been spending most nights with his girl friend. The older Takashi felt a bit guilty, for never being home with his younger brother. Not only that, but he was defiantly taking advantage of Misaki. By having the younger work so many hours. His younger brother wasn't stupid. If he actually had time to study, he'd do great in school. Takahiro had no problems in taking up a few more hours, though that would mean he couldn't spend time with his girlfriend. Takahiro shoved the thought away. He'd do his best to help out more. Misaki shouldn't have to work so much then do all the chores.
Speaking of chores, there were wine glasses sitting on the table. Misaki was almost sixteen, but the two agreed Misaki wouldn't drink with out him there. That wasn't what bugged the older brother. Who did Misaki have over? Was he becoming a delinquent? Drinking alcohol and not coming home. Oh no he really was a terrible older brother! He let his cute little brother stray from the path. Quietly l, he walked to Misaki's room. They needed to talk about what was going on. In the room Takahiro saw what kind of shocked him. Akihiko and Misaki were sharing the small bed. The author had his arms around Misaki so tightly, he wondered how his brother wasn't smothering.
It wasn't un know that the wana be author was clingy in his sleep. Akihiko had always slept close to him... Though not nearly on top of him, like he did with Misaki. Takahiro was a bit jealous. The two were becoming so close. He was feeling replaced by both. Maybe he should hand out with Akihiko soon. Part of him wanted to keep Misaki and Akihiko's friendship from growing. It was a selfish thought, but he had always been a bit selfish. At least when ever he was compared to Misaki, who thought of nothing but other people.
"Mhhm... Takahiro, what are you doing here?" Akihiko asked.
"This is my house." The older brother glared.
The author didn't notice, he was trying to fully wake up.
"Right..." Akihiko yawned, nuzzling back up against Misaki. "I'll talk to you... In an hour or two." The author muttered falling in to sleep.
Takahiro didn't know what to say. Wouldn't someone normally jump up and try to explain why they were cuddling? The older brother sighed and went to make breakfast. It was a hosts job to do so. Since Takahiro decided to take on the chores, he would do the cooking to. It wasn't to much an annoyance. Takahiro knew the author loved his cooking. Maybe the two of them could go to the amusement park. He just wanted to fix his neglected friendship.
"Misaki." Akihiko but the younger student's ear. Though he was to tired to yell at the author.
"....Usagi-San. Go back to sleep." Misaki muttered. Akihiko was surprised to hear that from him. Misaki never wanted to stay in bed.
"How many hours have you been working?" The writer glared. "N..*yawn* ot many..." It was an obvious lie.
"Misaki, remember the promise you made me? If it became to stressful you'd quit." Akihiko said titling his lover's head.
"Don't worry Usagi-San. I can handle it." Misaki mumbled, as he finally started to wake up. It was nice to just sit in bed and talk to each other. Akihiko was prompted on his elbow, looking down at his cute Misaki, who was lying on his back.
The older never wanted to leave the bed, but Takahiro would get suspicious if they stayed to long. "We should get up soon. If your brother thinks I've done something to you, there's a good chance he would kill me." The author laughed only half joking.
"Eh?! Nii-San is home?! Why didn't you tell me!?" Misaki lightly yelled.
"Because, I wouldn't have gotten to cuddle with you." They both could smell breakfast being made. "You should go a head and eat, I'll be out in a few minutes." Misaki noted getting out of bed. Akihiko nodded, and went to enjoy breakfast. While Misaki got ready for work.


Ch.14
 "Ah, so Akihiko, I was wondering if you wanted to go to the amusement park with me?" Takahiro asked.
"Sure. Let's invite Misaki to go with us."
Takahiro was confused, yet again. Akihiko had always wanted it to be the two of them. Why bring Misaki now? "Yeah, um ok. Hey Misaki, do you want to go to the amusement park, with us?" The older brother asked. "Eh? I Can't. I have to work today. I probably won't be home until ten, or eleven. Thank you for inviting me though." The younger teen smiled. "That's a thirteen hour shift! It's ridiculous!" Usagi shouted, jumping up. "Why can't you both let me take care of you?! I can pay double what you make now!'
The author was tired of seeing his new lover so exhausted from working so hard. He wanted Misaki to be happy and with out worry. "Usagi-San, we can't leech off you. We have to work on our own. That way we can grow up." Misaki explained. He wasn't going to grow up, if he was forced to work so much. "Don't worry about it Akihiko were doing fine." Of course Takahiro was. He actually got days off, where Misaki would only take them when forced. Akihiko sighed in defeat, as his lover left for work. He still didn't agree, be he didn't have a choice in the matter.
"Uwa! Akihiko look. They put in a needle drop." Takahiro exclaimed. The author faked smiled. Really all he wanted was to be with Misaki... Damn he had separation issues. though it wasn't fair that he had to work so much, while they got to go out and have fun. The first ride they went on was the needle drop. It pretty much pulled you up ten stories, then dropped you down at alarming speeds. Akihiko had never been afraid of amusement park rides until then. He was quite sure the top of the ride, touched his head. Just enough for him to realize he was to tall for the ride. With the speed they went up, it would surly bash his head open, leaving a bloody mess... Damn his writer's imagination. NOPE. He would never ride that death machine again.
The pair had eaten the park food and rode many rides. Akihiko really missed his Misaki. So he decided to stay the night again. He'd just borrow Takahiro's clothes. "You know Akihiko, it's strange to see you and Misaki so close. The two of you always hated each other. I feel kind of jealous." Takahiro admitted. Akihiko had always wanted his friend to feel jealous... but now it didn't matter. He had Misaki, who he loved more than anyone. "Don't worry, Misaki's and my friendship is completely different. I assure you." Akihiko smiled.
Misaki worked happily through his shift. He really loved to bake and cook. The cafe gave him as many hours as he asked for, and the pay was ok. Around the dinner shift, was when things became strange. Haruhiko showed up, and since they were short on hand, Misaki took his order. "Good evening, what would you like for your meal sir?" Misaki asked formally. "Takashi-Kun, it's good to see you." Haruhiko said plainly. "You to Haruhiko-San! May I ask why you wanted to eat here. It's kind of... Common I guess."
"Ah, that, I came here to see you." The older Usami said.
"Me? Why?"
"Simple. I'm going to take you away from my brother."
""
""
"What?" Misaki asked confused.
"I will make you love me."
"Oi, Takashi-Kun. Ask if he wants the special." One of the owners asked.
The older Usami nodded in agreement. Misaki all but ran into the kitchen. Akihiko's brother stayed through the rest of his shift. The younger student wasn't quite sure what to do.
"I'll give you a ride home." Haruhiko said nearly shoving Misaki into his car. Akihiko was going to be pissed. Briefly Misaki remembered that this was probably the best way to end up dead. What the hell was he doing with his life?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Akihiko had went out side of the building to smoke. It was relaxing. Despite the fact every time Misaki saw him with one, he got yelled at. He enjoyed it though. Hearing Misaki cared for him. A Sleek black car drove up. The author growled to himself. What was that bastard doing there?
Probably one of the worst people who could have been with him stepped out. Haruhiko had given Misaki a ride home. Akihiko's protectiveness and jealously grew, when Misaki smiled at his brother. Damn it! That smile was only meant for Usagi. No one else. The author pulled Misaki away as the car left.
"Usagi-San? What are you doing?"
"That should be my line. What the hell were you doing with him?"
Akihiko was beyond pissed, but he was more worried. He didn't want to lose Misaki. It hurt to think about it. The younger student could come to his senses anytime. Honestly, Misaki could do better. Akihiko couldn't do anything besides write. He was possessive and controlling, but he loved Misaki.
"He just gave me a ride home. Usagi-San. Don't worry." The younger student reassured. Akihiko broke after hearing that. He wasn't reassured. Not if Misaki loved someone else. He tightly held his younger lover.
"Misaki... I don't care who you love. Fall in love with me, because I can't let you go." Akihiko promised.
"Who I love? What are you talking about?" Misaki asked, trying to pull away a bit.
"Your one sided love. The one you told me about before."
Now the younger student remembered. The author was so dense.
"Baka Usagi-San! You don't need to worry about that!" Misaki laughed.
"Why not?"
"Because that person is you."
Normaly Misaki couldn't say things like that, without turning fifty shade of red. Now though, at the moment he said it easily. He didn't want Akihiko to feel insecure. Akihiko was beyond confused. He was Misaki's one sided love. The author felt guilty about constantly talking about Takahiro, before the two had started dating. It must have hurt Misaki to hear those things. Did this count as a confession. The writer would surly take it that way.
"I love you Misaki." Akihiko smiled, lightly kissing his lover. Misaki didn't kiss back. In fact he fell into Usagi, asleep.
"Oi, Misaki. Get a hold of yourself." The younger just slept on. Akihiko sighed picking up Misaki and taking him upstairs. He had more than wanted to make a mess of his cute lover, but Misaki was to tired from the thirteen hour shift. Akihiko had lain Misaki in his bed, then layed next to him. The younger student felt so cold. Probably from being out with out a coat. Hopefull he wouldn't end up with a cold.


Ch.15
Usagi woke up before Misaki once again. This time it was bad. Misaki was burning up. His breathing was labored and cheeks were flushed. Akihiko panicked. He didn't know the first thing about taking care of someone who is ill. Thankfully Takahiro was there. The older brother nearly had a panic attack, as well.

"Misaki... Misaki wake up." Takahiro said lightly, shaking his brother.

"Mmm. Nii-San... I'll make breakfast later. Let me sleep a bit longer."

Takahiro felt guilty hearing that. This fever was a result from Misaki working so hard. He's even ill in bed, but still thinking of doing all the work.

"I'll make something for him to eat, Akihiko please keep an eye on Misaki." Takahiro said running to the kitchen.

Akihiko gently ruffled Misaki's hair. He was burning up. "Mfm, Usagi-San... If it's not to much trouble, will you put your hand back on my forehead. The coolness feels nice."

"Of course anything you want." The author held Misaki against his chest. Making sure to keep his hand on Misaki's forehead.

"I'm sorry for causing so much trouble." It was killing Akihiko to hear that.

"Misaki you do way to much for other people. This is no trouble."

"You and Nii-San don't have to stay here with me. It's Nii-San's day off. It would be better if the two of you did something fun. Instead of taking care of me. Really I'm fine."

"If you didn't have a fever, I would yell at you. Please don't mind causing me some trouble. I want to take care of you.... Or stay by your side, because let's face it, I can't do much besides write."

"I just don't want to waste your time."

"Even if you didn't have a fever, we both know we'd still be in bed. Doing something else, but still." Akihiko smiled.

Misaki mumbled something. Probably something like, Baka Usagi-San. Takahiro later came in with eggs and rice.

"Come on Misaki, you need to get your energy up," Takahiro said handing over the tray. The older brother wasn't even phased by seeing Misaki in Akihiko's arms. Misaki enjoyed the food, and felt some of his energy come back.

"Misaki, I'm going to take your shift today." Takahiro noted.

"No don't worry, I'll be fine in moment. Please enjoy your day off."

"I've had the last three days off, while you've been over exhausting yourself. Stay in bed. I'm going to start taking up more hours." Takahiro said leaving no room for objection.

"Eh? No really I'm fine! You don't need to do that." Misaki nearly shouted, Akihiko wouldn't let him up.

"Yes I do. Not only are your studies failing, but so are your social obligations. Your health to. It's not right for me to take advantage of you!" Takahiro was fuming, Akihiko was surprised to witness an actually argument between the brothers.

"Akihiko, can you please watch over Misaki, while I'm gone?" The older brother asked ending the argument. "Of course." The author wasn't planning to leave in the first place. With that Takahiro left. Misaki felt depressed. All he wanted to do was take care of his brother.

"Misaki. It's better you split the hours evenly. You're going to hurt yourself." Akihiko said pulling his smaller lover to lay down.

"You wouldn't understand, Usagi-San."

"Then enlighten me."

The younger student wasn't sure if he wanted to spill everything to Usagi, but once he started he couldn't stop.

"Out parents died only two years ago. It it wasn't for Nii-San, I would have ended up in a foster home. Since I was only thirteen then." Misaki took a second to reflect over what he said.

"I always felt like I owed him for taking care of me. So I have to work more hours, that way Nii-San can enjoy his high school life more." Misaki really only thought about other people, so much it hurt him.

"Misaki, you're worrying to much. It would have hurt Takahiro just as much as it hurt you, I'd the two of you had been separated. It wasn't exactly a selfless reason."

Akihiko noticed Misaki always put his older brother on a pedestal. He saw Takahiro as a saint, even though he could be rather selfish.

"Working more, just seemed like it would help."


Ch.16
Misaki had gotten better by the end of the day, and much to Akihiko's dismay he had to go back home. Home to his horrid older brother, neglecting father, and damn right abusive mother. It was the reason he spent so much time either locked in his room, or out of the house.
"Ah, so you finally came home." His father said walking into the room.
"Regretfully."
"Just in time. We're having a party tonight." Akihiko inwardly groaned.
"Don't look like that. Bring along a friend or date." His father said waving him off. A date? It would be interesting to have Misaki around.... As long as he avoided the family.
"Fine." Akihiko sighed this was more or less a way for the head Usami, to find suiters for his sons. That way the family could grow and become richer. The problem were both sons were in love with Misaki. Usagi took his phone to call his cute lover.
"Usagi-San, you just left. Did you miss me that much?"
"Yes, but that's beside the point. Would you like to accompany me to a party?"
"A party? What kind?"
"A boring business party. Full of rich people. But having you around will be much more fun."
"Usagi-San, I don't know how to act somewhere like that. But to mention the only clothes I own are jeans, T-shirts, and school uniforms."
"Don't worry, I'll teach you how to fit in. As for clothes, I'll take you out tomorrow to buy some." Akihiko laughed.
"I don't have enough money, for fancy clothes." The younger sighed.
"I'll buy them. It's important to have at least one suit."
"Eh? No you don't have to do that, Usagi-Sempai! I can pay for it!" Misaki lied.
"Misaki. I'm inviting you to this party, I'm also buying you a suit. Stop trying to not take advantage of me. Honestly, what's the point of having a rich lover, if he doesn't buy you what you want?"
Usagi was still upset that Misaki wouldn't let the author take care of him, but one step at s time. "Fine. Just the suit. But it can't be overly expensive."
"What ever you say." The author smiled.
Misaki stifled a yawn, trying to keep himself awake. He still hasn't fully recovered from his fever.
"Misaki. Is something wrong should I come over?"
The younger laughed. "I'm fine Usagi-San. Just tired."
Get some sleep, I'll come to pick you up tomorrow morning." How Akihiko wished his cute uke was there with him. So they could sleep in each other's arms.
"Ok, Usagi-San. Good night." With that they ended the call and Akihiko crawled into his bed. How the hell was he supposed to sleep like this?! It felt empty with out Misaki next to him.
Sorry it's so short. This is just setting up for the next chapter...


Ch.17
"Oi Misaki. Let's go. You were supposed to be ready when I got here." Akihiko said shaking his lover
"Mmm. Usagi-San." The younger muttered. "How did you even get in?"
"Takahiro gave me a key." Akihiko said stealing a quick kiss.
It didn't take long for Misaki to shower and get ready. Akihiko was excited to see his lover in a suit. Something black, maybe with a dark green tie. The author was almost drooling at the thought. He couldn't wait to be able to take it off of the younger.
"Usagi-San! This place looks really expensive!" Misaki exclaimed.
"Don't worry. It doesn't cost that much." To a rich person any way.
The younger student cast a hesitant look, as he was ushered inside.
Misaki didn't know the first thing about picking out a nice suit. So it was up to Akihiko..... He went over board.
"Usagi-San, I don't need this many suits. I don't have anywhere to wear them!"
"You're dating me. You will have places to wear them." Akihiko countered.
"I really only need one!"
"Fine we'll get two."
"Why two?"
"Reasons." The author shrugged.
Misaki knew that look. That meant Misaki wouldn't be walking for a while. He sighed in defeat and tried on the suits.
"Um... Usagi-San. I don't know how to tie a tie." Misaki said in shame. Akihiko laughed. The younger student was to cute for his own good.
"It's very childish of some to not know how."
"Shut up! I don't wear these things! Do you even own a T-Shirt?!" Misaki counted.
"I dress important, because I am important." Akihiko said finishing with the tie. Misaki mumbled something that sounded like: 'Important my ass.' But the author shrugged it off. Usagi was one hundred percent correct when, he thought his lover would look good in a suit. Akihiko made reservations at a nice hotel, while Misaki was busy. He'd take Misaki to the restaurant in the hotel, where he'd have to wear a suit. Then drag him up stairs and enjoy taking every part of the suit of of him.
"Keep the one you like most on. We're going out to eat somewhere expensive." Akihiko noted.
"You promised you wouldn't spend so much money!"
"I lied. Now hurry, we'll miss our reservations." Usagi ended up buying a suit for him self as well, since he and Misaki would be eating out.
Misaki looked around in awe. The place was amazing. There was a huge water fountain, as well as a chandelier. The food smelled amazing. Akihiko would take his lover places like this all the time. If only Misaki would let him. The food was great, the younger surly enjoyed.
Akihiko was getting antsy by desert. Misaki looked so cute, eating his strawberry cake. The author had hardly touched his own dark chocolate cake. "This is so good! Thank you for bringing me here!" Usagi couldn't take it any more, it was Misaki's fault. He shouldn't have acted so cute.
"Come on let's go." The author said dragging his cute lover with him.
"Hey Usagi-San, where are we going!"
"To our room." Akihiko winked.
Misaki didn't have time to protest, as he was practically shoved into the room.
"Usagi-San, this is way to much!"
"Get over it. I'm spending money on you whether you like it or not."
Akihiko picked up his lover and kissed him deeply. Nearly begging for an entrance. Misaki gave it to him, with a bit of hesitation. "Mmfm... Usagi-San.."
Reluctantly they had to break apart for air. Akihiko took the chance to practically throw Misaki onto the bed. He losed his tie, abandoning it to the side of the bed. Misaki was a blushing mess.... But this time it seemed different.
"What's wrong, Misaki?" Akihiko asked taking off his lover's tie.
"I um... Can I tak... Never mind!" Misaki shouted, Turing over and burying his face in the pillows. Akihiko had to processes that for a moment. Misaki who always protests sex was asking to be more involved.
"Mi-Sa-Ki. Please turn around." The author whispered next to Misaki's neck.
"I can't it's embarrassing!"
"If you don't, then I can take you this way." Usagi cooed. Misaki thought about it before Turing around. To Akihiko, the younger looked completely delectable. Misaki on the other hand, felt like he'd completely embarrassed himself. The author gabbed his lover and flipped them, so Misaki was straddling him.
"Hey! W-what are you doing?!" The younger asked almost panicked.
"I'm only doing what you asked. Now is your chance to take more control." Misaki's face was so red and his hands were trembling.
"Go a head. Mi-Sa-Ki. Take my clothes off." The author smirked, slowly unbuttoning his lover's shirt. Misaki complained doing the same. It was agonizingly slow for Usagi. He wanted to pull his lover down to him badly, but this had never happened before. So Akihiko kept his hand gripped tightly to the sheets. Curiously, Misaki licked his lover's chest. Akihiko was fighting a losing battle, he really wanted to touch Misaki. Giving up, he pulled the younger's shirt completely off.
"Hey, Usagi-San!" Misaki partly shouted, bring cut off by a kiss.
"If you don't like me being rough, then you shouldn't have turned me on." Akihiko whispered, against Misaki's ear. The author was interested in this new position though. Where Misaki would be on his lap, rather than under him.
Akihiko tugged off his lover's pants, throwing them with the rest of the clothes. Misaki's innocent eyes and flushed cheeks, we're making him all the more desirable. Getting rid of his own pants, the author pulled his cute lover closer and kissed him deeply. Akihiko took Misaki's hand and placed it between his legs. "U-Usagi-San." The younger stuttered, embarrassed. "Just move your hand like mine." The writer smirked, moving his hand between Misaki's legs. The younger's trembling hands made the whole experience even better, but Akihiko still wanted to be with his lover in a more intimate way. He moved Misaki's legs apart so he could press inside of him.
"Mfm...Usagi-San. This still hurts you know." Misaki mumbled leaning over his lover's shoulders. "And it always feels like the first time between us. No lack of passion." Akihiko smiled, slowly moving. "Ah!" Misaki lightly bit his lover's shoulder to keep himself quiet. It only succeeded in making the author more aroused, and pound into him harder.

1,000 Views!! Thank you!


Ch.18
^Misaki's POV^

I excitedly got ready for the Usami party. I know it was just a boring rich people party, but I've never been to one before. I fidgeted with my stupid tie, trying to make it look right before Usagi-San got here.... I was to late.

"Misaki, let's skip this party, and move to Hawaii together."

"Usagi-San you invited me to this party. Not only that, but burst into other people's homes uninvited!" I shouted annoyed. The author saw my destroyed looking tie and sighed.

"Honestly, how can you call your self a man if you can't fix your own tie?" My stupid lover asked.

"Stop bullying me, I'm a commoner. I don't wear these types of things." I said rolling my eyes.

"Commoners must have such boring lives."

"At least we can take care of ourselves, unlike someone I know." I glared. Usagi-San laughed, kissing me quickly.

"I love you, Misaki."

I blushed. "Baka! Don't say such embarrassing things!" He only smiled at me. Damn I never know what he's thinking! Bastard!

"Come on, let's get this hellish event over with. That way I can fill up on Misaki tonight." Great I won't be walking tomorrow.

The whole ride, Usagi-San looked tense. It was a family party, one he's been to many times. Why is he so worried? Is it because I'm here? No he invited me to come along.

"Usagi-San, is something wrong? If you don't want me to come, you can drop me off and I'll take the train home." I said hoping the disappointment didn't show on my face.

"What? Why the hell would you think that. You'll be the only thing that makes the night worth while." Usagi said ruffling my hair.

"Eh? Then what's wrong? You can tell me." I looked up at him hopefully, which I knew was a hard look for him to resisted.

"I hate crowds. I can hardly stand to be near them. Not only that, but I hate everyone who will be there." The author admitted.

"I could see that, you're really antisocial." I laughed.

"That's because I hate everyone... Well almost everyone." I looked down blushing. When we get to the party... I shouldn't stand to close to him, or touch him. Usagi's family is very upstanding so it could ruin his image if people know we're together. I sighed lightly. It may have been a mistake for me to come. I got out of the car when we finally stopped. The whole place was brightly lightened up.

"Misaki, don't leave my side for even a second. I need you for moral support." Before I could reply, I was wrapped in a tight hug from behind.

"Usagi-San stop. What if someone sees." I struggled.

"Let them see. I'm out of Misaki." Usagi muttered into the curve of my neck. Did he really hate parties this much?

"Come on Usagi-San, let's hurry so we're not late." The party was really elegant... I didn't fit in at all.

"Oh my. Akihiko. Who is this friend you brought?" An older women asked, getting to close to me.

"Takashi Misaki. He's only fifteen." Usagi glared.

"Oh so young. Call me in three years." She waved.

"Hey, I'm almost sixteen." I pouted.

"Exactly. You're cute and young. A perfect prey around here." He scolded.

"Akihiko, you actually brought someone?" Two people who seemed to come out of no where asked. An older man who looked a lot like Haruhiko, and women who looked like Usagi-San. I guess they were his parents. Usagi didn't seem happy to see them.

"Hello there. I'm Usami Fuyuhiko, this is my wife Usami Naomi."

"I'm Takashi Misaki. It's nice to meet you." I said trying to be polite as possible.

"It's nice out son doesn't hide in a fantasy world all of the time." Naomi commented. What is she talking about. That's strange for a mother to say.

"Ah, before its to late. Come say hello to Ms.Mimoto. Fuyuhiko said, dragging a struggling author.

"You're not much to look at, are you?"

"Huh?" I turned to look at Naomi.

"You're cute, but reek of being a commoner."

What did I do?

"Remember, my son may care for you now, but he is at marrying age. I will be damned if you get in the way. So please disappear for me." She smiled, walking off. I watched confused. I don't understand, what I did wrong. Marrying age? Are they really going to force Usagi-San into a arranged marriage, for money? I suddenly didn't feel good. I needed to get out of the crowd. I found refuge behind the stairs. I thought I was alone, but no.

"Hey! Get out of here! This was my hidding place first!" A girl whisper yelled at me.

"Eh? Sorry. I was starting to feel dizzy in the crowd." I quickly apologized.

"I've never seen you before. You don't really belong here, do you?"

"Do I really stick out that much?"

"Yes. Everything you do is that of a commoner." She explained.

"Ah. I've tried, but I'm a commoner through and through." I laughed hesitantly.

"I'm Usami Kaoruko."

"Takashi Misaki." I noted.

"We're the same age, right? Almost sixteen?" I nodded.

"And you came here with Akihiko-Nii-San?" I nodded again.

"I hope you plan to marry him?"

"...ah ok. Why?"

"Because, I'll at least get a choice." Karoruko looked sad. I couldn't blame her. I'd hate to be part of this dysfunctional family.

"Are they trying to force you into an arranged marriage too?" She nodded.

"They want me to marry Haruhiko-San, but he's twenty years old! He's also boring and a jerk. All I want to do is move to Paris and become as baker.

"Then why not try?"

"Have you met the mafia like family?" Kaoruko grumbled.

"Yes, but you are the only one who can keep yourself back. You have to pass trials to do what you want in life." I explained. Kaoruko stared at me.

"Eh? In sorry. It's none of my business." I quickly commented.

"...no. You're right. I'm going to do this. I don't want to be in this family. I want to be a pastry chef, an own a bakery."

I was hugged tightly. "You're right Misaki. Let's move to Paris together, and get married. I will be  Takashi Kaoruko."

"Huh?" The two of us were pulled apart by an angry author.

"Sorry, but Misaki is mine. So he's not going anywhere." Usagi glared.

"Hey! Who decided that?" I shouted being dragged off.

"I did." I was dragged into a coat closet... Well a coat closet my room could fit in. Damn rich people.

"Why the hell do people have to like you so much? Usagi asked tilting my head.


Ch.19
"I don't think that many people like me." Misaki said thinking back to Akihiko's mother. He had never felt so hated.
"If you get one more marriage proposal, I'm going to kill someone."
"You're worrying to much." The younger said backing up. He ending up between the wall and possessive author.
"I'll have to prove you're mine. Maybe a collar with my name and address." Akihiko mocked.
"You're a sadist, you now that?" Misaki glared.
"Hmm, well if you don't like that, then I can always leave my mark on you this way." The writer smirked. He pushed Misaki against the wall and deeply kissed him.
"Mfm... Usagi-San.. Stop there are to many people around." Misaki commented trying to get out of his lover's arms. Akihiko kissed the younger student's jaw gently, then licked and bit down his neck.
"Usagi-San!" Misaki almost shouted.
"I love you, Misaki." Akihiko smiled, knowing it would shut his lover up. The author made a few more kiss marks down Misaki's neck, before he felt content.
"Let's try to stay together the whole night. Like I said earlier, you're the only person who can make this party bearable." Akihiko smiled, fixing his cute lover's tie and shirt.
"Those marks are going to take forever to go away." Misaki complained.
"That's the idea." Akihiko smirked.
The rest of the party, went off with out much trouble. Surprisingly Haruhiko didn't get the chance to proclaim his love for Misaki.
"Oi! Akihiko-Chan!" Another college student shouted.
"Isaka." The author noted.
"Eh? What's with the look of loathing?" The college student joked. He'd had certainly had to much to drink.
"You know why I hate you." Akihiko glared.
"Yes, yes but I think it's time to celebrate. Those three books you sent in will be published. The company wants to sign you as a full time author." Akihiko was in full shock. He could finally leave this god forsaken house? It seemed like a dream.
The now full fledged author wanted to find his lover and tell him so badly. Though Isaka wouldn't leave him alone.
"So about this kid whose been hanging around you..."
"Stay. Away. He is mine." Akihiko nearly growled.
"So hostile. Why don't we celebrate with some wine?" Usagi glared at him.
"Just cause I'll be publishing at your father's company, doesn't mean our relationship will change."
Akihiko left to find his younger lover. He was supposed to be getting something from Usagi's bed room. He hadn't come back though.
"Oi Misaki?" Akihiko called walking into his room. He didn't notice his closet full of teddy bears had collapsed in an avalanche like fashion.
"Usagi-San. I can't breathe...." The younger student was trapped under the large pile of bears.
"Eh? Misaki how the hell did you manage this?" The author asked, freeing his lover.
"I opened the wrong closet by mistake, and the Suzuki-San's collapsed on top of me." Misaki sighed.
Akihiko smiled. The younger student was the only one who knew what a Suzuki-San was. Quickly, the author picked up his lover, nearly throwing him over his shoulder.
"Hey Usagi-San! Put me down!" Misaki shouted. Akihiko only smiled.
"Misaki, the books I sent in, are going to be published." The younger student stopped struggling.
"Really?! That's great. Congratulations!"
Misaki sweet smile, drown the author mad. Damn he loved this kid.
"I can finally get out of here. It won't even be a change in life style." The author never had to see his family again. The younger student was laughing with his arms tightly around his lover's neck. Usagi wanted to ask Misaki to move in with him, but knew he'd never leave his older brother.
"When I move out, I do expect you to visit me often." Akihiko smirked, laying Misaki on the bed.
"No way, you'll just do weird things to me." The younger glared.
"The more you say that, the more I want to do it." Usagi-San smiled.


Ch.20
^Akihiko POV^

A few days after the party, I was walking with Takahiro. In truth, I'd rather be with my Misaki. He's went back to working long hours after school. I'm worried he's going to work himself to death.

"Akihiko, I need some advice." Takahiro finally sighed.

"Hmm?"

"Miname wants us to move in together, but I'm not sure what to do about Misaki."

He was actually considering leaving Misaki on his own? There is no way he'd be able to live on a teen's pay.

"Then let him stay with me. I'm already moving out, and we both know I can't live on my own without dying.

"Eh? Usagi-Chan. I couldn't let Misaki be a burden on you." I flinched hearing my nick name from him. It wasn't right. Only Misaki could call me that.

"It's no trouble at all. Misaki and I get a long rather well." Living with my Misaki will be great. Eating his cooking, sleeping in the same bed every night. Getting to be alone together all the time. Hot sex anywhere.

"Earth to Akihiko!" Takahiro said snapping his fingers. I broke from my day dream.

"Really don't worry. I'll take great care of Misaki, and he won't have to work so hard anymore." I smiled. I can't wait to tell my cute lover.

After I walked Takahiro home, I went back to what used to be mine. I had the time to think about the manuscripts I wanted to send in. I've had so many prewritten, that I don't have to worry about much right now. Of course hell broke lose when I made it home.

"Akihiko, you are only eighteen! You can't move out!" My father shouted.

"Exactly. Legally I'm an adult. I also have my own income and home." I said not stopping to listen. "You can't expect to do anything as a writer. Your job is to work in the Usami family company!"

"I can do what ever I want with my life. Now I have the choice to do what I want with my life. I'm not giving up that opportunity." I ignored the horrid shouts, as I went upstairs to check if everything was moved. Thankfully it was. It felt good. I can't wait to get to my apartment... After I pick up Misaki from work. I can't wait for him to see it. I've already had new furniture moved in. It actually took a lot since the pent house was huge.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

"Usagi-San, what are you so happy about?" Misaki asked. I was secretly taking him to my new apartment.

"You'll see." I smiled. He grumbled to himself about me being to secretive. Though on the short ride... Misaki fell asleep. Those long hours were getting worse on him. At least when he moves in, those hours will be drastically cut. I picked up my cute lover and carried him up stairs to our apartment. Instead of taking him upstairs, I let him sleep on the couch. I wanted to see his adorable reaction, when he wakes up. My cute perfect, Misaki. Damn I love him. A romantic dinner seems in order. I wish I knew how to cook. Ordering it is then. Misaki started to wake up, as I laid next to him.

"U-Usagi-San. Where are we?" Misaki yawned.

"My new apartment."

"Eh!? It's huge?!" I smiled, he's to adorable for his own good. I can't wait to tell him, he's going to move in with me.

"I ordered in, the food will be here soon." I said, gently kissing his forehead.

"I'm so happy for you Usagi-Sensei. I told you everything would end well." I smiled.

"Yeah, you did. Thank you for supporting me." There was something wrong with my Misaki. While he looked happy for me... Something was wearing him down.

"Misaki, is there something wrong?"

"Eh? Why would you think that?" He laughed hesitantly. Yeah he was lying.

"You're the worst lier, I've ever met." I sighed pinning his to the couch."

"H-hey. Usagi-San. Let go of me. The food will be here soon." Misaki scolded me.

"Then tell me what's wrong." I glared.

"Really it's nothing important."

"It is if you're not smiling like normal."

Misaki was blushing. I wanted to take him right then and there, but I needed to get answers out of him.

"I... Since Nii-San wants to move in with his girl friend... I've been trying to stay out of the way, and earn enough money to live on my own... It's not working out so well." Misaki admitted. I tilted his head and kissed him. Damn, he can be an idiot sometimes.

"Why not just move in with me I glared, when I finally release his lips.

"I don't want to trouble you."

I shook my head sighing. "Misaki, I heard that Takahiro wanted to move in with his girl friend earlier today. I was already planning to force you to live with me." I said leaning down to kiss him again.

"I will take care of you. You'll never have to worry again."

"Usagi-Sensei. I can't afford to pay rent in a place like this."

"And you're not going to. You're going to stop working so many hours and will live here with me."

"I can't just leech off you!" Misaki sounded almost panicked.

"Misaki. I want you here, if I don't have you here it will be lonesome."


Ch.21
Dinner came before Akihiko got the chance to devour his lover. He shouldn't have ordered it so soon. Though his thoughts were changed when he saw how much Misaki enjoyed it. The whole time the author was thinking about what he'd do to him when they were finished.

"Usagi-San, why are you looking at me like that?" Misaki asked, as a blush spread across his face.

"Just about what I plan to do to you when dinner is over."

"I refuse." Misaki glared.

Akihiko only smiled. "I love you, Misaki."

"Baka! Don't say such embarrassing things." Usagi still wanted to hear those words from his lover, maybe one day. Misaki had done the cleaning after dinner while Akihiko 'helped'.

"Misaki. Will you come up stairs with me?" Akihiko cooed. Of course he could take the younger right on the kitchen counter, but it was their first time in the apartment together. The younger blushed, before he could reply, he was thrown over his lover's shoulder.

"Baka Usagi-San! Put me down!" Akihiko smirked. He loved Misaki's feisty protests.

"What? I just wanted to show you our new room."

"I don't trust you."

"I love you, Misaki." The younger blushed giving up. Akihiko carefully laid his cute lover on the bed.

"I have a very fun night planned.
Mi-Sa-Ki." The author smirked, as he slid off Misaki's jeans.

"Your idea of fun will keep me from walking tomorrow."

"Don't worry, you can rest all day. I'll call someone to move your stuff here."

Usagi took the rest of his lover's clothes off. Finally getting to enjoy the erotic view. The writer reached over to the nightstand, making sure to lean completely over Misaki. As he grabbed a bottle of sweet smelling oil.

"W-what's that?" The younger asked.

"You'll see." Akihiko pulled Misaki's legs over his shoulders, to keep him lifted up just enough. He then poured the bottle between Misaki's legs. The younger student jerked, the new feeling shocked him. The oil started off cold, then warmed up quickly. It slowly ran down his back.

"Mmhhm...Usagi-San. What is this?" Akihiko slowly took off his clothes.l, leaving Misaki to suffer a bit more.

"Does it feel good, Misaki?" Akihiko smirked. The younger was to busy panting, as the older slipped his hands between his legs. Slowly Akihiko pressed his fingers into Misaki, to make sure he was fully prepared.

"Do you want me, Misaki?" The author teased. "Shut up!" Akihiko quickly thrusted into his lover, to get the painful part for Misaki over with. "Ah..no.." It was relatively easy with the oil. Akihiko gave Misaki some time to adjust, to the feeling.

"You're not complaining it hurts this time."

"It still does." Misaki noted. Akihiko moved his body slowly. "Ha! Ah! No..."

"Mmm... Misaki..." The author groaned. Damn he loved being with Misaki. The younger student seemed so innocent, yet so erotic. Akihiko couldn't get enough.

"I hate you." The sore student said the next morning. Akihiko chuckled. "If you hated me, then you wouldn't be undere right now."

"Baka Usagi-San. I don't get a choice in the matter. You always sleep on top of me." The author smiled and stroked Misaki's hair.

"I already called to have your stuff moved in. It should all be here by this after noon."

"Are you sure you're ok with me living here?" Misaki asked with with his adorable worried face.

"No. You're right I don't want you here. I only had your stuff moved, and told you multiple times that I wanted you to live here." Akihiko said flicking Misaki's forehead.

"Ow! ow! Hey!"

"I'm pretty sure Takahiro will come by a lot. So we'll have to have your stuff in a separate room. That way he won't get suspicious." The older noted.

"That's fine. I don't think there is room for both of our stuff in here." Misaki laughed.

"What do you think about telling Takahiro about our relationship?" Akihiko brought out of no where.

"....I've thought about it, but I'm pretty sure he'd faint on the spot. I mean he nearly had a heart attack when he thought I was sleeping with my 'girl friend' ." The younger sighed.

"When did this happen? Girl friend?"

"It happened when someone thought it would be fun to leave marks all over me. Takahiro's fist thought was that I had a girl friend my age." Misaki shrugged.

"Your brother is the most oblivious person I've ever met." Akihiko sighed rubbing his temples.


Ch.22
Takahiro was excited to finally see his best friend's apartment. It had been a few days since Misaki had moved in as well. It was strange to the older Takashi. The two had hated each other. They could hardly stand to be in the same room. How had they gotten so close, in such a short amount of time? It seemed like they went everywhere together, and almost seemed closer than Takahiro and Akihiko. Maybe it bugged him so much because the older brother had a crush on his best friend, in their first year of high school. Those feelings were still around, but he still loved his girl friend more than anything.
The older Takashi smiled as he pulled out his key to unlock the door. For some reason Akihiko was hesitant on giving it to him. The author was strange. Though Takahiro was dropping by unannounced. He opened the door... To find something he didn't quite expect. So maybe Akihiko and Misaki were closer than he thought. Being the two were asleep in each others arms... Completely naked... Well at least a blanket covered them. Takahiro blushed.... They were in the after glow of... That... He was lost on what to do or say. His best friend and younger brother were sleeping together!"
"Misaki! Akihiko! Wake up!" Takahiro shouted. The two jerked awake at the loud voice.
They were caught... By Takahiro of all people. Akihiko kept quiet as he and Misaki quickly covered up. He was pretty sure Takahiro was planning to kill him. Misaki on the other hand was a blushing mess.
"Ah, um Nii-San... I can't explain this." He sighed.
"Well you're going to Damn well try! Misaki we're leaving right now!"
"Takahiro, I think you're over reacting a bit." Akihiko said trying to defuse the situation.
"I don't want to hear anything from you! You didn't just find out your best friend and little brother are sleeping together! Let's go Misaki!"
"Um Nii-San..."
"Fine hurry up and get dressed. I'll be waiting outside." Takahiro said giving one last glare at his friend.
"Misaki...." Akihiko quickly pulled his lover into a tight hug. "Usagi-San you're worrying to much. Just let me talk to Nii-San. It will be fine. The younger noted patting the older's back.
"Do you need me to come along?"
"I don't think that would help much. Relax its only Nii-San." Misaki laughed as he went upstairs. In truth he was more worried than Usagi. Given Takahiro's reaction just now, he didn't have high hopes. Nii-San did tend to treat him like a little kid. Even though he was almost sixteen. Once Misaki was dressed, Akihiko wrapped his arms around Misaki's shoulders from behind. He hasn't bothered to get dressed. "Oi put some clothes on, Usagi-San!"
"I want to be ready to make a mess of you, when you come home." Akihiko smirked bitting Misaki's ear.
"You've done that three times today. Enough is enough! Time to be a productive member of society or something." The younger scolded. Usagi did his best to look unworried.
"Misaki, promise me that even if Takahiro doesn't approve. You'll still come home."
"Of course I will. Where else would I go?"
Where did Nii-San want him to go? The older Takashi was living with his girl friend, and he didn't have enough money to live on his own.
"I love You, Misaki.
"Don't destroy the house while I'm gone. Also get some work done." Misaki said as he left.
"Misaki, why the hell didn't you tell me any of this!" Takahiro shouted as they walked through the park.
"We were going to, but you found out before hand."
"How long has this been going on?!" How long has it been going on?
"I guess since Usagi-San started tutoring me." That long and bother of them had told the other brother?
"You're moving out right now!"
"And go where?" Misaki was used to Takahiro's panicked out burst.
"I don't know! You're to young to be living and sleeping with someone!"
"You're doing it."
"I'm almost nineteen. You're just a child!" Takahiro shouted. "Akihiko is to old for you in the first place!"
"Nii-San you can't treat me as a child anymore. I have a job, I work hard. I'm more of an adult than most people. You don't have a choice in the matter."
"How can you say that?! I'm your older brother!" Takahiro fumed.
"Because you ditched me to live with your girl friend. With out a second thought. I know it's selfish of me to worry about what would happen to myself, but what did you expect? Did you honestly think I'd be able to live alone without spiraling into debt?!" So maybe the younger was still harboring hidden angry feelings about his older brother ditching him. Was that so wrong? Takahiro couldn't leave him alone and still expect him to be his childish brother.
"Well, why didn't you say anything about that before hand?!"
"Because I wanted you to be happy! You should feel the same about me!" The older Takashi felt guilty. He knew he was hurting Misaki when he moved out.
"Are you sure Akihiko isn't just using you?"
"Of course I am. He tells me he loves me so much it gets annoying."  Though he knew he didn't want the author to stop saying those words.
"And You want to be with him?"
"Would I stay if I didn't?" Misaki noted.
"Then I guess I don't have a choice in the matter. I want you both to be happy. Takahiro sighed.
"Thank you. Nii-San!"
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Akihiko paced around the apartment. His lover and friend were gone for to long. How long did it take two people to talk?! The author was planning on going out and finding the two... Which he would definitely do if they didn't come back. So far it had been and hour and thirteen minutes.... What if the didn't come back? Takahiro was one of the people who could convince Misaki to leave him. It didn't help that the younger had yet to say I love you.
"Ah, Nii-San. Are you staying for dinner?" Misaki asked as they walked in.
"Sorry, I've got to meet Minamee. The older Takashi smiled. Everything seemed fine between the two. Akihiko wondered if he should feel relieved.
When Miskai went to the kitchen, Usagi and Takahiro had the chance to talk.
"You know if you ever hurt my little brother, I will chop you up and use you to attack sharks, right?" The older Takashi asked.
"Of course. I wouldn't have it any other way." Akihiko smiled. Takahiro could see the way Akihiko looked so lovingly at Miskai. He knew he wouldn't have to keep that promise.


Ch.23
Akihiko had to deal with many calls from his 'parents', yelling at him to come home. They couldn't stand h being... Happy. On one occasion he actually took the call from his mother.
"Akihiko, you can't do this you're only in high school!"
"I've been doing this for the last two weeks, everything is fine."
"You can't expect to live like that!" She shouted. Akihiko sighed.
"Look. I'm happy. I'm living with someone I love, and I get to do what I want with my life."
"Love? What useless thoughts. That person doesn't love you. They're probably just using you for the money."
No, not Misaki. He hated it when the author spent money on him.
"Has he told you he loves you, yet?"
Akihiko went silent. No, Misaki hadn't, but... He showed it all the time. They shared a bed, they are meals together, Misaki scolded him for skipping out on work.
"Yes, everyday. Now please quit calling me." Akihiko growled, handing up the phone.
"I'm home!" Misaki shouted.
"Welcome home." Akihiko smiled, wrapping his arms around the smaller.
"Is there anything you want for dinner?" Misaki asked, once he got lose.
"Let's go out to dinner instead."
"I don't have the money to go any of places you like."
"We go through this every time." Usagi sighed, dragging Misaki out of the apartment.
"Why do you insist on dragging me to such expensive places?" The younger asked, as they enjoyed a nice dinner.
"Because I love you." Misaki blushed, staring down at his food. Akihiko grimaced. Why couldn't Misaki just repeat those words to him? The younger student had said that he was in love with him. They spent a lot of time in bed, the younger enjoyed it whether he'd admit it or not. They were lovers, they were supposed to do that kind of stuff.
"Usagi-San, is something wrong?" Misaki asked noticing the older's expression.
"No. It's nothing."
"Did you get another call from your parents?"
"How do you know about that?" He'd never told the younger. Akihiko was really beginning to think his lover was a psychic.
"I picked up the phone by acident, when your parents called. They told me ^Give us back our son!^" Misaki laughed.
"Why didn't you tell me?" Akihiko glared. He knew that wasn't the only thing they said.
"I didn't want you to worry." Even hearing insults from him parents, Misaki still stayed by Akihiko's side. That couldn't mean anything but love.
"Let's hurry and get home." Akihiko smiled, grabbing the younger's hand.
"Huh? Why?"
"You'll see." Usagi smirked, practically shoving Misaki into the car.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
".... You had a hot tub installed?" Misaki said in disbelief, as he looked at the overly expensive hot tub on the balcony.
"Of course. Feel free to go skinny dipping anytime."
"Baka! Don't spend so much money! You'll end up in debt!" The younger shouted. Akihiko chuckled. Misaki was so cute when he yelled.
"No worries. My books are selling well." He stole a quick kiss, from Misaki...then shoved him into the tub.
"What the hell?! I'm still wearing clothes!"
"Not for long." Akihiko smirked, unbuttoning his shirt.
"No way! Not here!"
"This is the whole reason I bought it." The author smiled stepping into the hot water. Misaki blushed. What he'd he gotten himself into?
Akihiko tugged off Misaki's pants and threw them on the ground. "Looks like you really want me." The author teased, as he pulled Misaki's soaking wet shirt over his head.
"You're going to end up drowning me." The younger student rolled his eyes.
Akihiko tilted Misaki's head back and licked his neck.
"You know, you taste so sweet it's intoxicating."
"Baka! Don't say things like that!" Usagi slipped his hands between the younger's legs, and stroked him lightly.
"Ngm..Usagi-San.."
"Did I ever tell you, how much I love hearing you moaning my name?" Misaki his bangs. Why did the author seem so calm about everything?
Akihiko frowned. "Don't do that. I want to see your lovely green eyes." He pushed back Misaki's dripping wet hair and kissed him. Slowly getting the entrance he wanted.
"Emm..."
"Misaki, I'm going to take you, right now. And I can't say I'll be careful."
He spread the younger's legs apart, pushing him to lean back against the side.
"Wait... Can we use the..."
"I've got it right here." Akihiko smirked holding the bottle of sweet smelling oil.
"You'll need to stand up though." Misaki nodded and did so blushing like mad. The author did to, wrapping his arms around his adorable lover. Akihiko dumped the bottle into his hand, then slid his fingers into Misaki.
"Mfm...Usagi-San..."
The author sat Misaki on the side of the tub. "H-hey. It's to cold out here."
"Don't worry, I just need... To be able to fit us together." Akihiko said pressing into Misaki.
"Ha... Ah. Usagi-San!"
"Misaki." The older groaned. He gave the younger time to adjust to him, but was getting impatient.
"Misaki, I really need to move now." Akihiko said pulling them both into the water. The student bit his lit and nodded.
"Ah... Ngm... Slower!"
Usagi tilted Misaki back, party submerging him in the water, as he trusted into him. Misaki was really worried about drowning...
^^^^^***^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
"We're never doing that again." Misaki grumbled. Akihiko carried him in, wrapped in an over sized towel. Actual he looked deliciously adorable.
"I've already apologized." Usagi rolled his eyes.
"Well you better be glad I love you. Because if I didn't you would never touch me again." Akihiko stood holding his lover a bit shocked. Misaki had finally said those words. Dos he even realize it? Did he realize what they meant to the author.
"I love you to." The older said, sitting Misaki in the couch.
"I love everything about you, and right now I'm going to love attacking you."
"What?! You just did!" Misaki shouted as he was pushed on his back.
"I love you Misaki."